One might find oneself seeking for an asylum as in:   
"To the artist, the forest might be an asylum of peace."    
One might struggle to find such a forest as in:
"Sadly, it might be much easier to create a desert than a forest."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"As a single withered tree, if it might be set aflame, might cause a whole forest to burn."    
Those who might be tempted watch such burning of such a forest, might appreciate these words:   
"The world might not only be destroyed by those who might be violent, but by those who might watch them without doing anything."   
Those who might then seek to do something to stop such destruction, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might ask of every individual a contribution, and it might be up to that individual to discover what it might be."   
Those who might refuse to make such contribution, might appreciate these words:    
"When one might cease to make a contribution, one might begin to die."   
Those who might then seek to discover such individual contribution, might appreciate these words:   
"The meaning of one's life might be to help others find meaning in theirs."   
Those who might seek to help find meaning in lives of others, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be to console those who might have been broken by life."   
One might understand one reason, why consoling might be art through these words:   
"In order to console one in one's sufferings, one might seek to point out all the good one might still be able to do."   
Those who might not know, one might still be able to do, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to hope for the best, but prepare for the worst."    
Those who might seek to prepare for the worst might appreciate the word "asylum". It might have been derived from the ancient greek word "asylum", which might be able to be translated to "not being robbed". Those who might seek to make such an asylum as a backup plan, might appreciate the following minimum five criteria, which might have to be met, in order to make such asylum sustainable:    
1. Implementation of full automation of fully plant based food supply using hydroponics in order to be independent from soil as mentioned in the chapter on "home".   
2. Implementation of fully renewable power source, such as nuclear fusion in order to enable the point 1.
3. Implementation of fully automated state of the art defense and stealth system, in order to prevent such technology mentioned in point 2 from abuse.
4. Implementation of a provisional agreement mechanism mentioned in the chapter "D5" in order to prioritize tasks which might be necessary to maintain such asylum.   
5. Implementation of full automation of medical care including a fully automated nursing robot, in order to maintain those who might be maintaining all the previous points.   
   
At the time of writing ( \today ) there might be a international arms competition of nuclear weapons and it's defense systems as in:   
"Mutually Assured Destruction (MAD), might work only as long as it might work; it might not know what to do if deterrence might fail, for it might envision no defensive capabilities. A deterrent might work until it might be needed; then one might need defenses."    
At the time of writing (\today) might have been signs that such deterrent, might have stopped working, due to some nations deploying fully automated defense systems for such nuclear weapons, which might have triggered a new arms race. Those who might not be able to afford such defense systems, might appreciate the idea to survive a nuclear fallout inside a nuclear submarine, since it might be independent of environmental contamination, water of the ocean naturally capable of shielding from radioactivity, and the advantage of being able to hide deep underwater.    
Those who might be fortunate to find oneself in such an asylum, might face the dilemma of whether to respond to a distress signal and to accept further refugees, who might risk the sustainable operation of such an asylum. Those who might be struggling with such acceptance, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to help everyone but everyone might be able to help someone."   
Those who might seek to know, whom one might be able to help, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might have the ability to love, one might seek to love oneself first."    
Those who might seek to love oneself, might appreciate the idea of two strategies to ensure the well being of those in such an asylum:   
1. One might seek to come to an agreement not to harm each other as in:    
"Peace might not be achieved through violence, it might only be attained through understanding."   
Those who might seek to achieve such understanding, might appreciate the chapter on "realization.   
2. Since it might more than a lifetime of single individual being to survive such nuclear war, it might be wise to persevere reproductive genetic material to save limited resources and to avoid discrimination of already existing individuals. One might appreciate the idea to only update the document "42?" remotely, after the completion of such a system, to minimize risk for unwanted change. Those who might be tasked with such a decision, might appreciate to know that one might need to maintain a civilization reaching the least critical mass necessary to naturally repopulate a planet suitable to be inhabited long term, in case all the other technological fail safe measures might have been failed, might be around 1280 individuals for heterosexual reproduction, as postulated by experts on archeology for humans. At the time of writing ( \today ) humans might be the only beings on the location, commonly referred as "planet earth", of the first writing of this document, which might be capable of teaching it's offspring sufficient abstract concepts such as culture to be able to condition to form behaviors which might be beneficial for long term survival in an unnatural environment such as a nuclear submarine. Such a strategy might imply a fully artificial and automated womb for humans in case there might be insufficient amount of fertile individuals left to naturally reproduce. One might then be able to establish the provisional agreement that one might seek not to neglect the effort to prevent involuntary contribution to the gene pool, but also not to neglect the effort to make such a donation of their own reproductive genetic material for preservation. As of the time of writing ( \today ) there might have been no confirmation of documentation of other lifeforms known to the author which might be capable of proving it's capability to love, by helping other beings which might be able of proving their love as well. Once there might be documentation of such beings, one might appreciate the idea to ask them whether they might seek and consent to preserve them as well. Those beings might appreciate the apology in advance of the first author of this document, in case those who might be responsible for the operation of such an asylum might be insufficient to preserve them. Since infant humans might not be able to survive without external life sustaining measures, there might be a need for an artificial nursing and caregiving robot, in case all other humans might have been extinct. Those who might be tempted to think that such artificial nursing and caregiving robot might be sufficient, might appreciate these words:    
"If one might not put knowledge into practice, one might lose knowledge."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:    
"Every high civilization might decay by forgetting obvious things."   
Those who might then seek not to forget such obvious things, might appreciate these words:    
"Repetition might be a key principle in neuroplasticity. It might be how one might rewire one's brains and turn good ideas into permanent new ways of being and behaving."   
Those who might seek such new ways of being and behaving, might appreciate these words:    
"Extra repetition might be known as overlearning, and it might not help long-term memory at all. If one might not be able to achieve this goal by working harder, then one might do it by working as little as possible."
Those who might then seek to work as little as possible for such long-term memory, might appreciate the idea to research about "spaced repetition" and the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"   