One might find oneself with the following question:
"Who might one be?"    
Those who might struggle to remeber who one might be, might be tempted by such thoughts as in:   
"One might think, therefore one might be."    
Those who might think that they might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Thoughts might not be facts. They might be a mix of opinions, judgements, stories, memories, theories, interpretations, and predictions about the future."   
Those who mgiht struggle with such thoughts, might then appreciate these words:   
"Distraction might not be about the distraction itself. Rather, it might be about how one might respond to it."
Those who might not know how to respond, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility" and these words:   
"When one might cease to make a contribution, one might begin to die."   
One might then be tempted by such death as in:   
"There might be but one actually serious philosophical challenge and that might be whether to unalive oneself."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to unalive oneself as in:    
"Relationships based on obligation might lack dignity."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"There might be no such thing as freedom of choice unless there might be freedom to refuse."   
Those who might be tempted to refuse one's obligations, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be able to ignore reality, but one might not be able to ignore the consequences of ignoring reality."   
Those who might then be tempted by such ignorance, might appreciate these words:    
"Ultimate freedom might be to be free from the desire to be free from anything."    
Those who might seek to be free from such desire to be free from anything, might appreciate these words:    
"Freedom might not be the absence of commitments, but the ability to choose and commit oneself to what might be best for oneself."   
Those who might not know, what might be best for oneself, might appreciate these words:    
"Some religion might be believing someone else's experience, some spirituality might be having one's own experience."   
Those who might then seek to have their own experience, might then struggle as in:
"Each day one might have to choose either the pain of discipline or the pain of regret."   
Those who might be tempted to choose the pain of regret, might appreciate these words:   
"Regret for the things one might have not done can be tempered by time. It might be regret for the things one might have not done that might be inconsolable."   
Those who might struggle with such inconsolable regret, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be to console those who might have been broken by life."    
Those who might then seek such art, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more artistic than to love."    
Those who might then seek to love, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be the wish to give, not to receive, something."   
Those who might wish to give, might appreciate these words:    
"As for charity, it might be injurious unless it might help the recipient become independent of it."   
Those who might be tempted to seek to injure another, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might deny freedom to others might not deserve it for themselves."   
Those who might then seek to deserve such freedom, might appreciate these words:    
"Morality might not the doctrine of how one might make oneself happy, but how one might make oneself worthy of happiness."    
Those who might then seek such happiness, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more precious in this world than the feeling of being wanted."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to be independent such feeling of being wanted through these words:   
"Privacy, precisely because it might ensure that one might be never fully known to others, provides a shelter for imaginative freedom, curiosity and self-reflection."    
Those who might have acquired such privacy might struggle as in:     
"One might seek more and more privacy, and might feel more and more alienated and lonely when one might get it."   
Those who might struggle with such sense of alienation and loneliness, might appreciate these words:   
"The cost of sanity in a society might be a certain level of alienation." 
One might understand one reason why one might seek such sanity through these words:   
"One of the signs of insanity might be the belief that life after death might matter more than current life."   
One might understand one reason, why such life after death might not matter more than one's current life through these words:   
"Martyrdom might have been a proof of the intensity, never of the correctness of a belief."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such correctness through these words:   
"Accuracy might mean something to one. It might be vital to one's sense of values. One might have learned not to trust those who might be inaccurate. Every aviator might know that if mechanics might be inaccurate, aircraft might crash. If pilots might be inaccurate, they might get lost - sometimes even unalived. In one's profession life itself might depend on accuracy."   
Those whose life might depend on such accuracy, might appreciate these words:   
"Accuracy of signal and free flow of information might define sanity in one's epistemology."   
Those who might seek such sane epistemology, might appreciate these words:    
"One might hope for peace and sanity – it might be the same thing."   
Those who might then seek such peace, might appreciate these words:   
"The day the power of love might overcome the love of power, the world might know peace."   
Those who might seek such power of love, might appreciate these words:    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Love might be the most powerful force in the world, transcending all limits."   
Those who might then seek to transcend such limit, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"






