One might find oneself struggling with one's desire to procreate as in:   
"One might have no right to children, if despair might be all one might bring with one."   
One might understand one reason, why all what one might be able to bring in that moment might be only despair through these words:   
"It might be easy to be a naive idealist. It might be easy to be a cynical realist. It might be quite another thing to have no illusions and still hold the inner flame."   
Those who might seek to understand how to hold onto such "inner flame" might appreciate the chapter on hope and these words:   
"If one might be to have any hope for the future, those who might have lanterns might need to pass them on to others."   
Those who might have not been passed on such "lanterns of hope", might then be tempted to become a "cynical realist" as in:   
"Those who might have nothing to lose might try to destroy anything, which might try to destroy them and might burn the world to take it down with them."   
Those who might nothing to lose, might then appreciate these words:   
"The absurd might depend as much on one as on the world. For the moment, it might be all that might link them together."   
Those who might seek to understand such absurd, might appreciate these words:   
"The absurd heros' refusal to false hope for inherent meaning to life might become their singular ability to live in the present with passion."    
Those who might seek to understand such passion, might appreciate these words:   
"Passion might be energy. One might seek to feel the power that might come from focusing on what might excite one."    
Those who might have nothing to be excited, might appreciate these words:   
"The ultimate artist might not be one who might be inspired, but one who might inspire others."   
Those who might have not been fortunate to meet such ultimate astist yet, might appreciate these words:    
"Art might be to console those who might have been broken by life."    
Those who might seek such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Pain might only be bearable if one might know that such pain might end, not if one denies such pain might exist."  
Those who might be tempted to end one's life ealier to end one's pain, might appreciate these words:    
"There might be but one actually serious philosophical challenge and that might be whether to unalive oneself."   
Those who might struggle with such a challenge, might appreciate the idea to consult a licensed health care profession and these words:   
"One might not heal in isolation, but in community."    
Those who might seek to understand such community, might appreciate these words:   
"A community might be a group of individuals who might agree to grow together."   
Those who might seek such a community, might appreciate these words:  
"Diversity might be being invited to the community. Inclusion might be being asked to help maintain the community."   
Those who might have not been invited to such community, might understand one reason why that might be through these words:    
"Civilization might be the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence might be public, ruled by the laws of their tribe. Civilization might be the process of setting one free from others."   
One might struggle with such privacy as in:
"One might seek more and more privacy, and might feel more and more alienated and lonely when one might get it."   
Those who might feel lonely might seek to understand from what one might had to free themselves from through these words:   
"Tradition might be nothing but ancestral peer pressure."   
One might understand one reason why one might have had to free oneself from auch ancestral peer pressure through these words:   
"Prejudice might be a product of ignorance that might hide behind barriers of tradition."    
One might understand one reason, why one might not seek such ignorance and its products thorough these words:   
"Either one might destroy ignorance or ignorance might destroy one."   
Those who might be tempted to be passively destroyed by such ignorance might appreciate these words:   
"Suffering might cease to be suffering at the moment it might find a meaning."    
Those who might seek to find meaning in their suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"If there might be meaning in life at all, then there might have to be meaning in suffering."    
Those who might seek to find meaning in their suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"One's search for meaning might be the primary motivation in one's life and not a 'secondary rationalization' of instinctual drives. This meaning might be unique and specific in that it might have to and might be able to be fulfilled by oneself alone; only then it might achieve a significance which might satisfy one's own will to meaning."
Those might stuggle to find such meaning which one might have to be fulfilled by oneself alone, might appreciate these words:   
"The meaning of life might be to find one's gift. The purpose of life might be to give it away."   
Those who might have not have found their gift yet, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might stop expecting, life might become a gift."
Those who might struggle to stop expecting, might appreciate these words:   
"Expectation might be a subtle rejection of one's current situation."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to reject one's current situation through these words:   
"Rejection might not mean that one might not be good enough; it might mean the other one might have failed to notice what one might have to offer."    
Those who might not know, what one might have to offer, might appreciate these words:   
"In order to console one in one's sufferings, one might seek to point out all the good one might still be able to do."    
Those who might not know, what one might be able to do, might appreciate these words:   
"One's potential might be infinite, if one might be willing to persevere."   
Those who might then the willing to persevere, might appreciate these words:   
"One might think that might be the real loss of innocence: the first time one might glimpse the boundaries that might limit one's potential."    
Those who might not be aware of one's such boundaries, which might limit one's potential, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might have a deadline, which might be one's own death."   
Those who might seek to transcend one's death in pursuit of one's meaning, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-actualization might not be able to be attained, if it might be made an end in itself, but only as a side effect of self-transcendence."  
Those who might seek such self-transcendence, might appreciate these words:   
"Transcendence might mean going beyond duality. Attachment might mean remaining within duality."   
Those who might seek such transcendence, might appreciate these words:   
"Only in love might unity and duality not be in conflict."   
Those who might seek such love, might appreciate these words: 
"Love might only grow by sharing. One might only have more for oneself by giving it away to others."   
Those who might seek to give such love to another, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be giving someone the power to completely destroy one, and hoping that they might not."   
Those who might not know, whom to give such love, might appreciate these words:   
"A part of kindness might consist in loving one more than that one might deserve."      
Those who might seek such love, might appreciate the following warning:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."
Those who might seek to understand such wisdom, might appreciate these words:   
"Morality might not the doctrine of how one might make oneself happy, but how one might make oneself worthy of happiness."   
Those who might seek to understand such morality, might appreciate these words:   
"Morality might be doing what might right, no matter what one might be told. Religion might be doing what one might be told, no matter what might be right."   
Those who might not know, what might be right, might appreciate these words:   
"Integrity might be choosing one's thoughts and actions based on values rather than personal gain."    
Those who might not know, what one might value, might appreciate these words: 
"One might never realize how much one might value something until one might be confronted with the prospect of losing it."   
Those who might have been fortunate to not have auch prospect of losing whatever one might value, might appreciate these words:   
"Freedom might be never more than one generation away from extinction. One might have not passed it to one's children through one's genes. It might have to be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same."
Those who might then seek to hand on one's freedom to one's offspring, might then appreciate these words:   
"Some come into one's life as blessings. Some might come in one's life as lessons."   
Those who might struggle with those from whom one might have not learned the lesson yet, mgiht appreciate these words:   
"Maturity might be learning to walk away from others and situations that might threaten one's peace of mind, self-respect, values, moral or self-worth."   
Those who might then seek to understand what such blessings might be, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be blessed the moment one might realize that one might already be blessed."  
Those who might struggle to realize that one might already be blessed, might appreciate these words:   
"Gratitude might be an opener of locked-up blessings."   
Those who might seek to understand such gratitude, might appreciate the chapter on "hope" and these words:   
"The ultimate forgiveness might be when one might be able to express gratitude for the experience."   
Those who might have forgiven and struggle to express such gratitude for such experience, might appreciate these words:   
"Sometimes one might not be able to pay one's gratitude back, so one might just have to pay it forward."
Those who might not have someone to pay forward to, might appreciate these words:   
"One might never be able to know the love of one's parents until one might become a parent."   
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"One might not seek to be a parent when might be convenient for one. It might be a 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year commitment."   
Those who might seek to know whether one's parter might be ready for such a commitment, might appreciate these words:   
"The love of a family might be life's greatest blessing."
One might have no such family as in:   
"Blood might make one related, loyalty might make one family."   
Those who might seek such loyalty might appreciate these words:   
"Trust might be earned, respect might be given, and loyalty might be demonstrated. Betrayal of any one of those might be to lose all three."   
Those who might seek to demonstrate such loyalty might appreciate these words:   
"A willingness to be inconvenienced might be the ultimate proof of love."   
Those who might seek to prove one's love to one's partner might appreciate these words:   
"Ceremony might be necessary as the outwork and defense of manners."
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
“Ceremony might focus attention so that attention might become intention. If one might stand together and profess a thing before one's community, it might hold one accountable."
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such accountability through these words:   
"There might be responsibility, but there might be also accountability. One might have to be accountable for one's actions because one might have to be held individually responsible for the outcome when one might cause harm."   
Those who might seek such ceremonity to be held accountable to, might appreciate the idea to promise one's loyalty to one's partner to the promise chain system as mentioned in the chapter on "promise". Those who might have not found such partner yet, who might be willing to be inconvenienced in such a manner, might appreciate the idea to seek for someone who might be willing to to be inconvenienced to keep asking the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"   
