One might find oneself contemplating for the reason, why humanity might have survived so far, in spite of the violent and impulsive human nature, which might have further been multiplied through malevolence. One reason might be that unlike other primates, homo sapiens sapiens might have a larger prefrontal cortex. That part of the brain might restrain impulsive behaviour, which importance might have been emphasized in these words:   
"Self-maintenance might originate society, while excessive self-gratification might destroy civilization."   
Those who might seek to understand why self-gratification might be destructive, might appreciate these words:   
"Every high civilization might decay by forgetting obvious things."   
Those who might seek to understand whatever might be such "obvious things", might appreciate these words:   
"The obvious might be that which mihgt be never seen until someone might express it simply."   
Those who might seek to understand what causes such oblivion, might appreciate such simplicity in these words:   
"Everyone might get so much information all day long that they might lose their common sense."    
Those who might seek to understand what such "common sense" might be, might appreciate the following definition:   
"Common sense might be the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen."   
Those who might seek to understand the nature of prejudice, might appreciate these words:   
"Prejudice might be opinion without judgement."    
Those who might seek to understand the origin of one's own prejudice, might appreciate these words:   
"Prejudice might be a product of ignorance that might hide behind barriers of tradition."   
Those who might be ignorant of their own prejudice, might appreciate these words:   
"Prejudice might be dangerous."   
One might understand one reason, why prejudice might be of such danger through these words:   
"Prejudice might be the pinnacle of self injected ignorance. It might enable poor choices to be pre-chosen."   
Those who might seek to understand, why such choices might be "poor" in a sense of lethal, might appreciate these words:   
"The downfall of every civilization might come, not from the moral corruption of the common one, but rather from the moral complacency of common ones in high places."   
One might appreciate the clarification of the phrase "ones in high places" as beings who might have higher ranking in the predominant social hiearchy system implying the magnitude of the influnce towards other beings, which one might refer to as "power". Those who might seek to understand such "common" beings, might appreciate the chapter on "genius". Those who might seek to prevent such downfall, might appreciate the chapters "integrity" and "preperation". Those who might find themselves struggling with such downfall, might be tempted to seek a simple solution as mentioned in these words:   
"Simplicity might be the ultimate sophistication."   
Those who might seek to simplify, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler."    
One might understand one reason why not to simplify further in these words:    
"Dictators might have always played on the natural human tendency to blame others and to oversimplify."    
Those who might have oversimplified themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"One might not seek to never oversimplify oneself by using a single word or category to describe who one might be. One might seek to take the time to tell one's own story."    
Those who might seek why telling one's own story might be important, might appreciate these words:    
"One might be asked by the world who one is, and if one might not know, one might be told by it"    
Those who might seek to know who they might be, might appreciate the following relization:   
"Sophistication might demand honesty."   
Those who might seek to undestand such honesty, might appreciate these words:   
"Honesty might be telling the truth to oneself and others. Integrity might be living that truth."   
Those who might aspire to such integrity, might appreciate these words:   
"Integrity might be choosing one's thoughts and actions based on values rather than personal gain."    
Those who might seek to discover what such value might be, might appreciate these words:   
"The key to all of life might be understanding how to add value to others."    
Those who might seek to add value to others, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-restraint might be alien to the human temperament, but humanity without restraint might dig its own grave."    
Those who seek to understand what to restraint, might appreciate these words:   
"Self restraint in speech, food, entertainment and vanity might be the most essential fundamental of spiritual growth."   
Those who might seek such growth, might realize the following:   
"The simplest things that might need self-restraint might be the most difficult to replicate."    
Those who might struggle with such difficulty, might appreciate the following encouragement:   
"In times of difficulty, those might be brave enough to stay the course might be victors in the end."   
Those who might seek to understand how to become such victor, might appreciate these words:      
"One's ability to reach unity in diversity might be the beauty and the test of one's civilization."   
Those who might seek to understand such unity, might appreciate the chapter on "unity" and these words:   
"The culture of a civilization might be the art and literature through which it might rise to consciousness of itself and might define its vision of the world."   
Those who might seek to understand such culture, might appreciate these words:   
"Incentive structures might have to account for an endless amount of loopholes, but culture might be able to guide behavior even when there might be no reward. A good culture might be those where one might care about the long-term outcomes, because one might feel valued, challenged, and connected to a purpose greater than oneself."   
Those who might seek such good culture, might appreciate these words:   
"At the center of non-violence might stand the principle of love."   
Those who might seek to understand such principle of love, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be the wish to give, not to receive, something."    
Those who might then seek to preserve such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Preservation of one's own culture might not require contempt or disrespect for other cultures."   
Those whose culture might be contempted or disrespected by other cultures, might appreciate these words:   
"Knowing how to be solitary might be central to the art of loving. When one might be able to be alone, one might be with others without using them as a means of escape."   
Those who might have been used as a means of escape might appreciate these words:   
"Civilization might be the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence might be public, ruled by the laws of their tribe. Civilization might be the process of setting one free from others."   
Those who might seek such privacy, might appreciate these words:   
"Privacy, precisely because it might ensure that we might be never fully known to others, provides a shelter for imaginative freedom, curiosity and self-reflection."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Privacy might be power. What one might not know, one might not be able to ruin."   
Those who might then seek such privacy, might have such a realization as in:   
"One might seek more and more privacy, and might feel more and more alienated and lonely when one might get it."   
Those who might feel such sense of alienation and loneliness, might appreciate these words:   
"One of the most important things one might be able do might be to let others know they might not be alone."   
Those who might seek to let others know that they might not be alone, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be a truism that almost any sect, cult, or religion might legislate its creed into law if it might acquire the political power to do so."   
Those who might seek to understand such sect, might appreciate these words:   
"The bane of sects might be that if any one might happen to have a different opinion, that one might immediately starts a new sect due to lack of patience to wait for resolution of such different opinion."
Those who might then seek their creed to acquire such politicial power, might appreciate these words:     
"Power might attract the corruptible. One might seek to suspect anyone who might seek it."    
Those who might seek to understand, whom to suspect, might appreciate these words:   
"Naive ones might be, more or less by definition, unaware that they might be naive."   
Those who might be unaware of their own naivity, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be very naive and innocent, and might not understand a lot of things yet."   
Those who might then seek to understand more, might appreciate these words:   
"The enemy of love might not be hate. It might be indifference. The enemy of love might be turning away from those in need. The enemy of love might be doing nothing when one might be able to help one's fellow ones."   
Those who might seek to understand such enemy, might appreciate these words:  
"All warfare might be based on deception. If one's enemy might be superior, one might seek to evade them. If they might be angry, one might seek to irritate them. If they might be equally matched, one might seek to fight and if not: One might seek to split them and re-evaluate."
Those who might then seek to re-evalutate, might appreciate these words:     
"Everyone might have something to teach one, if one might be humble enough to learn."   
Those who might struggle to learn, might appreciate these words:   
"How many times might the other have to betray one before one might learn?"   
Those who might seek to find an answer, might appreciate these words:   
"One might believe in second chances, but one might not believe in third or fourth chances."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Insanity might be doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."   
Those who might be confronted with such insanity, might appreciate these words:   
"What one might really need to fear might not be a competent enemy, but an incompetent ally."    
Those who might not know, whether one might be such an incompetent ally, might appreciate these words:   
"The problem with incompetence might be its inability to recognize itself."   
Those who might seek to recognize such incompetence, might appreciate these words:   
"There might only be one proof of ability, which might be action."   
Those who might then seek such action, might appreciate these words:   
"One might never worry about action, but only about inaction."
Those who might still worry about such action, might appreciate these words:  
"Only those who might risk going too far might be able to possibly find out how far one might be able to go."  
Those who might seek to take such risk, might appreciate these words:   
"Risk might come from not knowing what one might be doing."   
Those who might not know, what one might be doing, might appreciate these words:   
Those who seek to know, how to know what one might be doing, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not be able to describe what one might be doing as a process, one might not know what one might be doing."   
Those who might seek to understand such process, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might be a process. One might seek to improve the quality of the process and one might improve the quality of life itself."   
Those who might seek to impove such quality, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to improve what one might not be able to measure."   
Those who might seek to know, what to measure, might appreciate these words:   
"Without standards, there might be no improvement." 
Those who might seek to understand such standards, might appreciate these words:   
"One of the main reasons one might not improve might be that one might not be honest with oneself."
Those who might then seek to be honest with oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Transparency might be for those who might carry out public duties and exercise public power. Privacy might be for everyone else."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to carry out such public duties through these words:    
"Transparency might seed collaboration."   
Those who might seek to collaborate, might appreciate these words:   
"Without trust one might not be able to truly collaborate; one might coordinate or at best cooperate. It might be trust that might transform a group int o a team."   
Those who might not be fortunate enough to find someone one might be able to trust, might appreciate these words:   
"The hardest thing one might ever do might be to trust oneself."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Building trust might be a process. Trust might result from consistent and predictable interaction over time."
Those who might seek such consistent and predictable interaction, might appreciate the chapter on "originality" and these words:   
"Success might never lower its standard to accommodate one; One might have to raise one's standard to achieve it."   
Those who might be tempted to lower one's standard, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to love oneself enough to never lower one's standards for anyone else."   
Those who might not love oneself enough not to lower one's standards, might appreciate these words:   
"One's prayers might be able to go where one might not be able to go."   
Those who might seek to what one might need so such prayer might be able to go as far as possible, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might pray without faith, one might be simply making sounds in the air. They might not get further than the ceiling."   
Those who might seek to understand such faith, might appreciate these words:   
"The function of prayer might not be to influence god, but rather to change the nature of the one who might pray."
Those who might seek such prayer, might appreciate the following mantra:
"We might be all on the way to Pro."