One might find oneself struggling to focus as in:   
"An addiction to distraction might be the end of one's creative production."    
Those who might seek to understand such distraction, might appreciate the chapter on "meaning" and these words:   
"Distraction  might not be about the distraction itself; rather, it might be about how one might respond to it."
Those who might seek to understand how one might seek to respond to such distraction, might appreciate these words:   
"As is the case with most of one's behavior, distraction might just be another way one's brain might attempt to deal with pain. If one might accept this fact, it might make sense that the only way to handle distraction might be by learning to handle discomfort."   
Those who might then seek to handle such discomfort, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might have a sense of discomfort about one's life, that might be a gift. One's discomfort might be a signal that something might need to change."
Those who might seek to understand such change, might appreciate these words:   
"The first step toward change might be awareness. The second step might be acceptance."    
Those who might seek to undestand such awareness, might appreciate these words:   
"Awareness might require only that one might pay attention and see things as they might be."   
Those who might then realize the finitude of one's own attention, might appreciate these words:    
"Attention might be a limited resource, so one might seek to pay attention to where one might pay attention."   
Those who might seek to understand where one might seek to pay such attention, might appreciate these words:   
"One's vision might become clear only when one might look into one's heart. Those who might look outside, might dream. Those who might look inside might awaken."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author of this document that "look into one's heart" might be a figure of speech for psychological introspection. Those who might thenn seek such clarity, might appreciate these words:   
"Clarity might afford focus."   
Those who might seek to understand such focus, might appreciate these words:   
"Meditation might be focused attention and the more one might practise focusing one's brain the more connections between one and one's attetion might build up."
Those who might struggle with such practice of focused attention, might appreciate these words:   
"The ability to focus attention on important things might be a defining characteristic of intelligence."   
Those who mgiht seek to understand such important things, might appreciate these words:   
"Intelligence might be the ability to adapt to change."   
Those who might seek to understand, why such adaptation to change might appreciate these words:   
"The most important factor in survival might be adaptability."   
Those who might then seek to understand such survival, might appreciate these words:   
"When all choice might have been taken from one, one's life might become a game of survival."   
Those who might seek to understand, what might take one's choice, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to decide what one's priorities might be and how much time one might spend on them. If one might not, someone else might."   
Those who might seek to understand such priorities, might appreciate these words:   
"It might not be what one might say might be a priority, but what one might actually do that might be a priority."   
Those who might not know, what one might actually do, might appreciate these words:   
"For honest insight into who one might be, one might not seek to ask oneself what one's priorities might be for next week. One might seek to ask what one's priorities might have been last week."    
Those who might not like such priority of one's previous week, might appreciate these words:    
"In order to say yes to one's priorities, one might have to be willing to say no to something else."  
Those who might struggle to say no to something else, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to recognize when it might be time to well being of another be their priority, not one's own."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"One might seek to make oneself a priority. One might seek to fill oneself up so that one might be able to give more to others."   
Those who might seek to make oneself such a priority, might appreciate these words:   
"Part of making oneself a priority might be spending time alone."   
One might understand, what one might be doing in such a time alone through these words:   
"All one might have to decide might be what to do with the time that might have been given one."   
Those who might struggle with such a decision, what to do with one's life, might appreciate these words:   
"The purpose of education might be to create in one the ability to look at the world for oneself, to make one's own decisions."
Those who might seek such education, might appreciate these words:   
"Education might be learning what one might have not even known that one might have not known."   
Those who might seek such education, might appreciate the chapter on "curiosity" and these words:   
"Education might be teaching children to desire the right things."   
Those who might then seek to know such "right" things, might appreciate these words:   
"The ultimate priority of one's own kind might not be to savour the power given to one, but rather to account for the according responsibility."    
Those who might then seek to understand such responsibility, might appreciate these words:   
"One without information might not be able to take responsibility. One with information might not be able to help but take responsibility." 
Those who might seek such information, might appreciate these words:   
"The time to prepare might not be after one might have been given the opportunity. It might be long before that opportunity might arise. Once the opportunity might have arrived, it might be too late to prepare."   
Those who might then seek to prepare for such an opportunity, might appreciate the chapter on "courage" and thse words:   
"The best preperation for tomorrow might be doing one's best today."   
Those who might seek to do one's best today, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be the extra effort after one might have done one's best that might create victory."   
Those who might seek to make such extra effort, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to go 'further beyond' or in latin:'plus ultra'."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author that one might say "plus" and others might reply together "ultra" in order to motivate each other. One might understand one reason, why one might seek to go beyond one's own limits through these words:   
"Noone might be able to know what one might be capable of until one might be tested."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"If one might not test one's limits they might get harder to reach."   
Those who might then seek to test one's limits, might appreciate these words:   
"Challenges might be opportunities for one to grow. The more one might learn, the more equipped one might be Thto handle whatever situations might come up."   
Those who do not know what to learn, might appreciate these words:   
"Personal growth might be not a matter of learning new information but of unlearning old limits."   
One might appreciate these words to recognize what has been the limit:    
"If it might be important to oneself, one might find a way. If not, one find an excuse."   
Those who seek to stop finding an excuse might appreciate these words:   
"One might be able to find thousand excuses not to do something but all one might need might be one reason to do it."   
Those who seek to find such reason, might appreciate these words:   
"If one died tomorrow what would one regret? Now might be the time to eliminate those regrets."   
Those who cannot find anything to regret, might appreciate these words:   
"Regret might be a tough but fair teacher. To live without regret might be to believe one might have nothing to learn, no amends to make, and no opportunity to be braver with one's life."   
Those who are overwhelmed with their past regrets, might appreciate these words:   
"Regret for the things one might have not done can be tempered by time; it might be regret for the things one might have not done that might be inconsolable."   
Those who think that they might be inconsolable, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not seek to live one's life regretting yesterday. One might seek to live one's life so tomorrow one might not regret today."   
Those who seek not to regret today in the future, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might fail to plan, one might be planning to fail!"   
Those who seek to plan, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to write it down. Written goals might have a way of transforming wishes into wants; cant’s into cans; dreams into plans; and plans into reality. One might not seek to just think it – one might seek to ink it!"   
Those who then seek to plan, might appreciate these words:   
"Planning might be a skill and an art which might take a lifetime to master."   
Those who seek to master such skill, might appreciate the following words of encouragement:   
"If the plan might not work, one might seek to change the plan, not the goal."   
Those who don't know what to change about their plan, might appreciate these words:   
"The key might be not to prioritize what might be on one's schedule, but to schedule one's priorities."   
Those who seek to understand one's own priorities, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to decide what one's priorities might be and how much time one might spend on them. If one might not do it, someone else might."   
One might appreciate the following way to priorize:   
Priority A: Important and urgent - One might seek to do it now.   
Priority B: Important but not urgent -  One might seek to schedule it.   
Priority C: Not important but urgent -  One might seek to delegate it.   
Priority D: Not important and not urgent -  One might seek to decide not to do it.   
Regarding Priority D, one might appreciate the following words:   
"The most important decisions one might make might not be the things one might do, but the things one might decide not to do."   
Those who seek to know what not to do, might appreciate these words:    
"Courage might be to know what not to fear."    
Those who hesitate to act because of the fear of failure, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be great not because one might have not failed; one might be great because failure might have not stopped that one."   
Those who seek such greatness, might appreciate these words:    
"Greatness might never be achieved by trying to imitate the greatness of another. Greatness might be chipping away at all that might not belong to one and then expressing oneself so truly that others might not be able to help but to recognize it."    
Those who seek to know, what might remain after one has been chipping away at all that does not belong to oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"The things one might do for oneself might be gone when one might be gone, but the things one might do for others might remain as one's legacy."   
Those who seek to create such legacy, migth appreciate these words:   
"If life were to be sustained, hope might have to remain."   
Those who seek to understand such hope, might appreciate the chapter on hope. Those who struggle recognize such hope for their own lives, might appreciate these words:    
"Art might be not what one might see, but what one might make others see."   
Those who do not know, what one might want to show others, might appreciate these words:    
"One's vision might become clear only when one might look into one's heart. Those who might look outside, might dream. Those who might look inside might awaken."   
Those who seek to "look inside" of oneself, might appreciate the note that "inside" is a figure of speech for introspection. Those who seek understand why and what to look for might appreciate these words:   
"One might really have to look inside oneself to find one's inner strength."   
Those who seek to find such strength might appreciate these words:   
"Strength might not come from winning. One's struggles might develop one's strengths. When one might go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that might be strength."   
Those who seek clarity of vision might appreciate these words:   
"Surely clarity might be the most beautiful thing in the world, a limited, limiting clarity one might not have and never might have had any motive of poetry but to achieve clarity."   
One might find a reason why that might be in the following realization:   
"Accuracy and clarity of statement might be mutually exclusive."   
Those who wonder why the author of this document might seek accuracy, might appreciate these words:   
"Accuracy of signal and free flow of information might define sanity in one's epistemology."    
Those who seek to understand why such accuracy might be important, might appreciate these words:   
"Accuracy might mean something to one. It might be vital to one's sense of values. One might have learned not to trust people who might be inaccurate. Every aviator might know that if mechanics might be inaccurate, aircraft might crash. If pilots might be inaccurate, they might get lost - sometimes even unalived. In one's profession life itself might depend on accuracy."   
Those who then seek to live, might appreciate to know that an example of such a "free flow of information" is transparency as in:   
"Honesty might be telling the truth upon request, transparency might be to disclose the truth voluntarily." [TODO: Find the original quote]   
Those who seek to understand the term epistemology might appreciate the chapter on "curiosity". Those who seek to understand one reason why clarity might also might be worth pursueing, might appreciate these words:   
"Clarity might be a perception; it might be an emotional alignment of thoughts, intuitions, inclinations, expression and expectations."   
Those who seek to understand such perception might appreciate these words:   
"Perception might start with the eye."   
One might appreciate the interpretation that such "eye" might be a representation of the ability to recognize information outside oneself. Those who then seek to understand what might follow, might appreciate these words:   
"Thoughts might become perception, perception might become reality. One might seek to alter one's thoughts, to alter one's reality."   
Those who seek to alter one's reality, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no good or bad without one, there might be only perception. There might be the event itself and the story we might tell oneself about what it might mean." 
Those who seek to understand such story, might appreciate these words:
"Everyone might tell a story about oneself inside one's own head. That story might make one to what one might be. One might build oneself out of that story."
Those who seek to create such a story, might appreciate the following warning:
"Complaining might be one of the ego's favorite strategies for strengthening itself. Every complaint might be a little story one's mind might make up that one might completely believe in. Whether one might complain aloud or only in thought might make no difference."   
Those who might be tempted to complain aloud, might appreciate these words:   
"Complaining about a problem without posing a solution might be called whining."
Those who might then seek to make a difference, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might complain, one might make oneself a victim. One might then seek to leave the situation, change the situation, or accept it. All else might be madness."
Those who might seek a reason to leave such situation, might appreciate these words:   
"The suppression of doubt might contribute to overconfidence in a group where only supporters of the decision might have a voice."   
Those who might then seek to change such a situation, might appreciate these words:   
"The only way to deal with an unfree world might be to become so absolutely free that one's very existence might be an act of rebellion."   
Those who might seek such such an act of rebellion, might appreciate these words:    
"Everything might be taken from one but one thing: the last of one's freedoms –  to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way."   
Those who might then seek to choose such attitude, might appreciate these  words:
"Radical reflection the voice of doubt, shame, and guilt blaring in one's head might not be one's voice. It might be a voice one might have been given by a society steeped in shame. It might be the 'outside voice'. One's 'authentic' voice, one's 'inside' voice, might be the voice of radical self-love!"   
Those who might seek such voice of radical self-love, might appreciate these words:   
"Complaining might not change the past but it might ruin the present. One might seek to start doing, not just talking."   
Those who might not know, what one might be able to do, might appreciate these words:   
"Before one might complain today, one might seek to be grateful one might have breath to complain with."   
Those who might struggle to be grateful that one might have a breat to complain with, might appreciate these words:   
"Every criticism, judgment, diagnosis, and expression of anger might be the tragic expression of an unmet need."   
Those who might seek to understand such need, might appreciate these words:   
"Behind the need to communicate might be the need to share. Behind the need to share might be the need to be understood."
Those might seek to be understood, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might want to be understood until one might understand oneself."   
Those who might seek to understand oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Unless one might really understand others, one might hardly be able to attain one's own self-understanding."   
Those who might then seek to understand others, might appreciate these words:   
"All perception might be colored by emotion."    
Those who seek to understand such emotion, might appreciate these words:   
"Emotion might not be opposed to reason. Emotions might guide and manage thought in fundamental ways and complement the deficiencies of thinking."
Those who seek to understand such deficiencies of thinking, might appreciate these words:   
"The most effortful forms of slow thinking might be those that might require one to think fast."   
Those who might think that one might be required to think fast, might appreciate these words:   
"Fast might be fine, but accuracy might be everything."    
Those who seek such accuracy, might appreciate another way to express clarity as in:   
"One might seek to let one's clarity define oneself, in the end, one might only just remember how it might feel."   
Those who seek to be defined by their clarity, might appreciate these words:   
"One's destination might be no longer a place, rather a new way of seeing."   
Those who yet seek such a place, might appreciate the chapter on "home". Those who seek such a new way of seeing might appreciate these words:   
"Vision might be the ability to talk about the future with such clarity it might be as if one might be talking about the past."   
Those who seek such future, might appreciate these words:   
"The future might belong to those who might prepare for it today."     
Those who seek to prepare, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to first ask oneself: What might be the worst that could happen? Then one might seek to prepare to accept it. Then one might seek to proceed to improve on the worst."   
Those who seek to improve on the worst, might appreciate these words:   
"Losing one's life might not the worst thing that could happen. The worst thing might be to lose one's reason for living."    
Those who has lost their reason for living, might appreciate these words:   
"Success might not final, failure might not fatal: it might be the courage to continue that might count."   
Those who seek to continue, might appreciate these words:   
"Continual improvement might be an unending journey."   
Those who are devastated by such an realization, might find courage in the following realization:   
"The struggle itself towards the heights might be enough to fill one's heart."   
Those who seek towards such heights might appreciate these words:   
"A quitter might never win and a winner might never quit."   
Those who are tempted by the idea to quit might appreciate these words:   
"The magic one might be looking for might be in the work one might be avoiding."   
Those who seek to overcome such avoidance of work, might appreciate these words:    
"The only thing that might redeem everyone kind might be cooperation."    
Those who seek to understand such cooperation, might appreciate these words:    
"Cooperation might mean to be willing to sacrifice for the sake of others."   
Those who are tempted to give up their own life to love others, might appreciate these words:   
"One might always be able to die. It might be living that might take real courage."   
Those who might seek such courage, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"