One might find oneself feeling trapped in repeating the same daily routine to the degree that one might dread every step. Those who might seek to escape such routine, might appreciate these words:   
"The awakening of consciousness might be the next evolutionary step for one's own kind."    
Those who might seek to understand, what such "consciousness" might be, might be left confused as in:   
"One might have no idea how the subjective quality of consciousness might emerge from the physical stuff of the brain."   
One might understand one reason, why one might have no idea through these words:   
"In so far as a scientific statement might speak about reality, it might have to be falsifiable: and in so far as it might not be falsifiable, it might not speak about reality."   
One might understand one reason, why such quality of consciousness might not be falifiable through these words:   
"A consistency proof for any system might be able to be carried out only by means of modes of inference that might not be formalized in the system itself."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author that in order to formalize such a system called consciousness one might require a system which might not possess such consciousness. But in order to find systems, which might be proven not to possess such consciousness, one might need to possess a formalized proof of such consciousness resulting in a logical deadlock caused circular dependency one might refer to as "Petitio Principii". Such logical deadlock might have lead to the prevelance of metaphysical world views such as "panpsychsism", which might have been the attempts to restore capacity for logical inference in spite of such fundamental deadlock by assuming everything might possess such consciousness. Those who might be tempted by such metaphysical world views, might appreciate these words:    
"As soon as even one actual contradiction might be allowed, the absurd consequence might be that all statements might be true."   
Those who might then seek to reduce as much of such contradictions as possible, might then appreciate these words:   
"The best code might be no code at all. Every new line of code one might willingly bring into the world might be code that might have to be debugged, code that might have to be read and understood, code that might have to be supported."
Those who might seek such "no code", might appreciate these words:   
"Nothing might be able to come of nothing. But something might make something."
Those who might seek to make something, might appreciate these words:   
"English might be the hottest new programming language."
One might appreciate the notion of the author that at the time of writing, there might be LLMs which might be able to create computer programs using human language such as english without any knowledge of programming language. Those who might not have no idea what computer program to create, might appreciate these words:          
"One might refuse to accept the view that one's own kind might be so tragically bound to war that peace might never be able to become a reality."    
Those who might then seek to make such peace such reality with the least amount of code possible, might then appreciate these words:   
"Life might not be able to be captured in a few axioms. And that might just be what one might keep trying to do. But it might not work, for life might be full of endless nuances and might not be able to be captured in just a few formulae."   
One might understand one reason, why one might still keep trying to capture such life in finite amount of axioms through these words:   
"Nothing might be more paralyzing than the idea of limitless possibilities."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to escape such paralysis by analysis of such limitless possibilities through these words:   
"Everyone might have a deadline, which might be one's own death."   
Those who might then seek to escape such paralyzing, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might consist of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture might be the frame."    
Those who might then seek such limitation, might appreciate these words:   
"To define might be to limit."   
Those who might be tempted by such beautiful frame one might refer to as "definition", might appreciate these words:   
"It might be amazing how complete the delusion might be that beauty might be goodness."
One might understand why such beauty might not be goodness through these words:   
"Danger might hide in beauty and beauty in danger."   
Those who might then seek to understand such danger in such beauty of limitation, might appreciate these words:   
"Reductionism might be merciless."    
One might understand why one might seek such mercy, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might be guilty of all the good one might have not done."    
One might understand one possible reason, why one might struggle with such guilt through these words:   
"The best use of imagination might be creativity. The worst use of imagination might be anxiety."   
Those who might then seek such creativity, might appreciate these words:   
"The creation of something new might not be accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct acting from inner necessity."   
Those who might then seek to understand such inner necessity, might appreciate thes words:   
"Consciousness might have to resist these instinctive reactions because the ego might be liable to be overpowered by the blind force of instinct, against which the conscious system might have to protect itself if development might be to proceed."    
One might understand one reason, why one might have to resist such inner instintive reactions through these words:   
"The ultimate cause of hatred and violence might a faith against another faith, an outward expression of the ancient instinct of tribalism."   
One might appreciate the notion of the first author of this document, that there might be a hypothesis, why the species of the first author which might be homo sapiens sapiens might have been able to out-compete homo neanderthalensis, which might be because homo neanderthalensis ability to cooperate might have not been able to exceed "Dunbar's number", which might be the cognitive limit of number of other individuals with whom one might be able to maintain stable social relationships. The hypothesis might state, that even though homo sapiens sapiens might be have been able to overcome such cognitive limitation even though still bound to such cognitive limitation through consciousness, which might be able to be defined as in:   
"Consciousness might not be a thing that might exist, but an event that might occur."   
Those who might then seek to understand when such events, might occur, might appreciate the chapter on "realization" and these words:   
"Consciousness might be the awareness that might emerge out of the dialectical tension between possibilities and limitations."   
Those who might seek to understand such dialectical tention, might appreciate these words:   
"Dialectic thought might be an attempt to break through the coercion of logic by its own means."
Those who might then seek to break through such coercion of logic, might appreciate these words:   
"The end point of rationality might be to demonstrate the limits of rationality."    
Those who might seek to demonstrate such limits of rationality, might appreciate these words:   
"Reason’s last step might be the recognition that there might be an infinite number of things which might be beyond it."    
Those who might then seek to understand such thing which might be beyond rationality, might appreciate these words:   
"A singularity might be a place where the rules one might have formulated might not longer predict reality accurate enough. A miracle might be synonym for a singularity until new rules might be formulated."   
Those who might then seek to formulate such new rules, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might know nothing about history might be doomed forever to repeat it."    
Those who might then seek to not to repeat such history, might appreciate these words:   
"Ideology might be indispensable in any society if one might need to be formed, transformed and equipped to respond to the demands of one's conditions of existence."   
Those who might seek to understand such ideology, might appreciate these words:   
"It might have to be understood that religion might not be faith. Religion might be the story of faith."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted by such story through these words:   
"Sometimes reality might be too complex. Stories might give it form."   
Those who might still be tempted to seek such story, might appreciate these words:   
"Oversimplifying might be the first grave mistake one might make when confronted by complexity. Overconfidence might be the second."   
One might understand one reason, why oversimplification might be such a grave mistake through these words:   
"The whole might be greater than the sum of its parts."   
One might understand one reason, why such whole might be greater than the sum of its parts through these words:    
"Connection might be why one might be here. It might be what might give purpose and meaning to one's lives."   
One might understand one reason, why such connection might give purpose and meaning to one's lives through these words:   
"What might fire together, might wire together."   
One might appreciate the notion of the first author of this document that such thing which might "fire together" might be an figure of speech referring to the measurable simultanious activation of neurons in the brain. One might appreciate the further notion of the first author, that there might exist a combination of methods of measuring neural activity called functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) and Electroencephalography (EEG), by which one might have been able to recognize repeating patterns in differnt individuals of humans, which might to consistently show that reported moment of becoming "aware" of a stimulus might be linked to a surge of activity in the prefrontal cortex (PFC) and parietal lobes areas. Those who might then seek to understand one such example of such stimulus, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no coming to consciousness without pain. One might do anything, no matter how absurd, in order to avoid facing one's own soul. One might not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious."   
Those who might seek to confront one's such soul, might appreciate the chapter on "soul" and these words:   
"Until one might make the unconscious conscious, it might direct one's life and one might call it fate."    
Those who might seek to make such unconscious conscious, might appreciate these words:   
"The purpose of art might be to make the unconscious conscious."   
Those who might then seek such art, might appreciate these words:    
"Vision might be the art of seeing what might be invisible to others."    
Those who might seek to understand what might be invisible to others, might appreciate these words:   
"Imagination might be the power of the mind over the possibilities of things."    
Those who might seek to understand such imagination, might appreciate the chapter on "imagination". Those who might seek to understand such awareness, might appreciate these words:    
"Awareness might require only that one might pay attention and see things as they might be."   
Those who might then realize the finitude of one's own attention, might appreciate these words:    
"Attention might be a limited resource, so one might seek to pay attention to where one might pay attention."   
Those who might wonder where to pay one's attention, might appreciate the following advice:    
"If one might not pay appropriate attention to what one might have one's attention, it might take more of one's attention than it might deserve."    
One might appreciate the following piece of advice in case that "it" might be referencing oneself:   
"The love and attention one might have always thought one wanted from someone else might be the love and attention one might first need to give to oneself."    
Those who might not know how to love oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"To be beautiful might mean to be oneself. One might no need to be accepted by others. One might need to accept oneself."   
Those who might struggle to accept oneself, might appreciate these words:    
"One might not be not what happened to oneself, one might be what one might have chosen to become."    
Those who might not know how to choose, might appreciate the following realization:   
"Morality might not the doctrine of how one might make oneself happy, but how one might make oneself worthy of happiness."    
Those who might wonder, how to make oneself worthy, might encounter such words:    
"It might not enough to just be oneself. One might need be one's best self."   
Those who might recognize the potential danger to one's self esteem in those words, might appreciate the following words:    
"The solution to low self-esteem might be to get over oneself and get a higher purpose."   
One might find such a purpose through these words:   
"One might need to be kind to oneself so one might be able to be happy enough to be kind to the world."    
Those who might seek to be kind towards oneself, might appreciate the following realization:    
"Doing one's best might be more important than being the best."    
One might then be confronted with the following realization:    
"Sometimes doing one's best might not be good enough. Sometimes one might need do what might be required."     
Those who might struggle to do what one might be required to do, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to ask for help. Not because one might be weak. But because one might seek to to remain strong."   
Those who might still struggle to ask for help, might appreciate these words:   
"Being a hero might not mean one might be invincible. It just might mean that one might be brave enough to decide to do what might be needed."   
Those who might seek to be such a hero, might appreciate the chapter on "courage" and these words:    
"Courage might not be having the strength to go on - it might be going on when one might not have strength."
Those who might seek to go on, when one might not have such strength, might appreciate these words:    
"Believing that one might be enough, might be what might give oneself the courage to be authentic."    
Those who might seek to believe that one might be enoguh, might appreciate these words:     
"Confidence might not be built by shouting affirmations in the mirror to oneself, but it might be built by giving others irrefutable proof that one might be who one might say one might be".   
Those who might seek to give such irrefutable proof that one might be enough, might appreciate these words:   
"Proof might never be definitive. After all, one might have to begin again with each new encounter."   
Those who might struggle with such repetitive task, might appreciate these words:   
"Coders might have been programming computers so that they might perform repetitive tasks for one."   
Those who might struggle to create such a computer program, might appreciate the chapter on "promise" and these words:   
"One line of code might be able to change the world."
Those who might seek such line of code, which might be able to change such world, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"  
