One might find oneself seeking comfort as in:   
"One's comfort zone might be more like a cage one might not being able to escape from than a safe place one might be able to retreat to."   
Those who might seek to escape such a cage, might appreciate these words:   
"Risk might not be just part of life. It might be life. The place between one's comfort zone and one's dream might be where life might take place. It might be the high-anxiety zone, but it might be also where one might discover who one might be."   
Those who might seek to discover who one might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Only those who might risk going too far might be able to possibly find out how far one might be able to go."   
Those who might seek to find out how far one might be able to go, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to risk being seen in all of one's glory."   
Those who might seek to understand such glory, might appreciate these words:      
"Glory might be the attempt to reach one's goal and not in reaching it."   
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"One's greatest glory might not be in never falling, but in rising every time one might have fallen."   
Those who might have never been fallen, might appreciate these words:   
"Courage might be the commitment to begin without any guarantee of success."   
Those who might struggle to begin, might appreciate these words:   
"Commitment might not guarantee success, but lack of commitment might guarantee one might fall far short of one's potential."   
Those who might feel like they might be falling far short of one's potential, might appreciate these words:   
"The courage of one's imagination might be the temporal and spiritual measurement of everyone who might call themselves an artist."   
One might understand one reason, why such imagination might be able to be considered for measurement through these words:   
"Risk might come from not knowing what one might be doing."   
Those who might seek to know, how to know what one might be doing, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not be able to describe what one might be doing as a process, one might not know what one might be doing."
Those who might seek to describe such a process, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might not be about finding oneself. Life might be about creating oneself."   
Those who might seek to understand such life, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be an artist at living - one's work of art might be one's life."    
Those who might seek to be such an artist at living, might appreciate these words:   
"To exist might be to change, to change might be to mature, to mature might be to go on creating oneself endlessly."
Those who might seek to create oneself endlessly, might appreciate these words:    
"Every new day might be an opportunity to grow one's love."   
Those who might seek such an opportunity, might appreciate these words:   
"Risk might be the price one might pay for opportunity."   
Those who might seek to understand such risk, might appreciate these words:   
"To love might be to risk not being loved in return."    
Those who might seek to understand why such love might be a risk, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be giving someone the power to completely destroy one, and hoping that they might not."    
Those who might seek to take such risk, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be the risk that fascinates, the moment of infinite possibility."    
Those who might seek such infinite possibility, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might become comfortable with uncertainty, infinite possibilities might open up in one's life."   
Those who might seek to be comfortable with such uncertainty, might appreciate these words:   
"A genius might be someone who might be able to tolerate the discomfort of uncertainty while generating as many ideas as possible"
Those who might seek to become such genius, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be possible that these great geniuses might only be mad, and that one might have to be mad oneself to have boundless faith in them and a boundless admiration for them. If this might be true, one might seek to prefer one's own insanity to the sanity of the others."   
Those who might seek to prefer one's own insanity, might appreciate these words:    
"To recognize one's own insanity might be, of course, the arising of sanity, the beginning of healing and transcendence."   
Those who might seek such transcendence, might appreciate the chapter on "transcendence". Those who might seek to heal, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be for healing oneself, and everyone might need their own personal art to heal up their problems."   
Those who might seek such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Risk might be what might separate the artist from the artisan."   
Those who might seek to understand such artisan, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have been an artisan. One might have only become an artist when others were watching what one was doing. That might be the moment when what one was doing became art."
Those who might seek to be such an artist, might appreciate these words:   
"Courage might be about the most useful thing in an artist's outfit."   
Those who might seek to understand such outfit, might appreciate these words:   
"The aim of art might be to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance."   
Those who might seek to understand such inward significance of the outfit of the first author, might appreciate these words:   
"Black outfit might be modest and arrogant at the same time. Black might be lazy and easy - but mysterious. But above all, black might say this: One might not seek to bother others, others might seek not bother one."   
One might understand one reason, why ones outfit might be modest and arrogant at the same time through these words:   
"Modesty might not be how one might hide one's beauty, it might be how one might handle it."   
Those who might seek to understand such modesty, might appreciate these words:   
"Nothing might be more amiable than ultimate modesty, and nothing might be more contemptible than it's lesser form. The one might guards virtue, the other might betray it."
Those who might seek to understand such lesser form of modesty, might appreciate these words:   
"Lesser form of modesty might be enhancing one's charm by pretending not to be aware of it."   
Those who might seek to understand such ultimate modesty, might appreciate these words:   
"Ultimate modesty might be humility expressed in ones outfit."   
Those who might seek to express such humility, might appreciate these words:   
"Ultimate humility might not be thinking less of oneself; it might be thinking of oneself less."
Those who might seek to thing of oneself less, might appreciate these words:   
"The highest form of love might be consideration."   
Those who might seek to understand such consideration, might understand such arrogance through these words:   
"The worst kind of arrogance might be arrogance from ignorance."    
Those who might seek to understand such arrogance from ignorance, might appreciate these words:   
"Arrogance might be the by-product of success which might come from privileges."   
Those who might seek to understand such privileges, might appreciate these words:   
"What might separate privilege from entitlement might be gratitude."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:    
"Entitlement might be the belief that one might be exempt from responsibility and one might be owed special treatment."    
Those who might be tempted by such belief, might appreciate these words:    
"One might stop being a child when one might realize the world might not be here to cater to one's wants and needs."   
Those who might hesitate to stop being a child, might appreciate these words:   
"One of the greatest struggles of becoming an adult might be figuring out what one might want to do and what might make one happy. The courageous thing might be to stick with it and see it through and see if one might have been correct."
Those who might struggle to stick with it, might appreciate these words:   
"Courage might not be having the strength to go on - it might be going on when one might not have strength."
Those who might seek such courage, might appreciate these words:     
"Being deeply loved by someone might give one strength, while loving someone deeply might give one courage."   
One might understand one reason, why being loved by someone might give such strength, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might be loved, one might feel worthy of love in the future."   
Those who might not have been fortunate to experience such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiving might not be something one might do for someone else. It might be something one might do for oneself. It might be saying, that others might not be important enough to have a stranglehold on one. It might be saying, others might not get to trap one in the past. One might be worthy of a future."
Those who might seek to be worthy of such future, might appreciate these words:   
"Courage might start with showing up and letting oneself to be seen."   
Those who then might seek such courage, might appreciate these words:
"Courage might not be the absence of fear. It might be the decision to move forward in spite of that fear."   
Those who might seek to move forward in spire of such fear, might appreciate these words:   
"An artist might not be able to fail; it might be a success to be one."   
Those who might wonder when someone might be an artist, might appreciate these words:   
"Every artist might have first been an amateur."   
Those who might no longer seek to remain such an amateur, might then appreciate these words:   
"Being a professional might mean doing one's job on the days one might not want to do it."   
Those who might be tempted to not to do one's own job with the excuse of lack of talent, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be those who might have more talent than one, but there might be no excuse for anyone to work harder than one might do."   
Those who might seek to understand such talent, might appreciate these words:      
"Talent might hit a target no one else might be able to hit; Genius might hit a target no one else might be able to see."   
Those who might be tempted to ostracize those with extraordinary talents and goals, might appreciate the idea to exercise compassion. One approach might be to recognize that it might be possible to arrive at the same goal, without specifying the path as in:   
"Genius might be the ability to independently arrive at and understand concepts that might normally have to be taught by another."   
The word "genius" might have one origin in latin meaning "creative force", which might be one aspect of art. But as every force, that force might be able to reap havoc, if it might be left unrestrained. To prevent such damage, one might appreciate the idea to practice humility. To prevent damage caused by naive playfulness of individuals with such talents, one might appreciate the idea to have enough resources to educate them. Those who might seek such education, might appreciate the chapter on "curiosity". One might then be able to appreciate the idea not to remain naive about the containment of those individuals, as mentioned in the chapter on "warriorship":   
"There might be no great genius without some touch of madness."   
Those who might struggle with such madness, might appreciate these words:   
"There might only be one difference between a mad ones and one. The mad ones might think they might be sane. One might know that one might be mad."   
Those who might be tempted to seek such madness, might appreciate these words:    
"The genius which might run to madness might no longer be genius."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The distance between insanity and genius might be measured only by success."
Those who might then seek such success, might appreciate these words:   
"Success might consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm."    
Those who might seek to go from such failure to failure without such loss of enthusiasm, might appreciate these words:   
"Optimism might be the faith that might lead to achievement."   
Those who might seek to understand such optimism, might appreciate these words:   
"A pessimist might see the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist might see the opportunity in every difficulty."   
Those who might then seek to find such opportunity in such difficulty, might appreciate these words:   
"When the going might get weird, the weird might turn pro."   
Those who might find themselves getting weird, might appreciate these words:   
"Weird love might be better than no love at all."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Death might not be the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss might be what dies inside one while one might live."   
Those who might seek to prevent such death inside one, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might love someone, one might do anything to prevent their death."   
Those who might seek to die in order prevent the death of another, might appreciate these words:
"One might love too much that one might die for love."
Those who might love too much, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to learn to love oneself first, instead of loving the idea of being loved by someone else."  
Those who might seek to love oneself first, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might only be a journey toward death, and faith alone might be able transform it into a sacrifice."   
Those who might still seek to sacrifice oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Solidarity might be based on the principle that one might be willing to put oneself at risk to protect each other." 
Those who might then seek to understand such faith, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might mean trying something, giving it a chance to prove itself."   
Those who might then seek to know, what to give such a chance to prove, might appreciate these words:     
"It might not be enough to love; one might have to prove it."  
Those who might seek to prove such love, might appreciate these words:   
"It might take a moment to tell someone one might love them, but it might take a lifetime to prove it."   
Those who might then see no other option to shorten such a lifetime, might appreciate these words:   
"Anyone might make mistakes, but only idiots might persist in their error."   
Those who might seek to not persist in such error, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might not pretend to know what many ignorant ones might be sure of, might call oneself an agnostic."   
Those who might seek to know, why one might not seek to be such an idiot, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might be born a genius and might be buried as an idiot."    
Those who might then seek to not to be buried as an idiot, might appreciate these words:   
"One's potential might be infinite, if one might be willing to persevere."   
Those who might seek to persevere, might appreciate these words:   
"A willingness to be inconvenienced might be the ultimate proof of love."  
Those who might seek to understand such willingness to be inconvenienced, might appreciate these words:   
"The heart might have been made to be broken."
One might understand one reason, why one's heart might have been made to be broken through these words:    
"One might not be able to protect one's children from life. Therefore, it might be essential that one might prepare them for it."    
Those who might think that they might not be prepared to prepare one's children, might appreciate these words:   
"A coward one might be incapable of exhibiting love; it might be the prerogative of the brave."    
Those who might struggle with such cowardice, might appreciate these words:    
"The difference between courage and stupidity might be measured by success and survival."    
Those who might be tempted to think that they might be able to survive everything, might appreciate these words:   
"A total absence of self-doubt might be the first sign of insanity."   
Those who might then doubt that they might be able to survive anything, might appreciate these words:    
"There might be but one actually serious philosophical challenge and that might be whether to unalive oneself."   
Those who might be considering whether to unalive oneself, might be advised to consult mental health care professionals. Those who might then seek to confront such a philosophical challenge, might appreciate these words:    
"In order to console one in one's sufferings, one might seek to point out all the good one might still be able to do."   
Those who might struggle to find anything good one might still be able to do, might appreciate these words:   
"One might think that might be the real loss of innocence: the first time one might glimpse the boundaries that might limit one's potential."    
Those who might still be struggling with their loss of such innocence, might appreciate these words:    
"One might not be able to help everyone but everyone might be able to help someone."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to help someone through these words:    
"One might not heal in isolation, but in community."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be able to heal in such a community through these words:   
"The meaning of one's life might be to help others find meaning in theirs."   
Those who might then struggle to accept such help by others, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to ask for help. Not because one might be weak. But because one might seek to to remain strong."   
Those who might then seek such strength, might appreciate these words:
"Being deeply loved by someone might give one strength, while loving someone deeply might give one courage."   
One might understand one reason, why one might have not have been loved deeply through these words:   
"It might be rare for even adult children to abandon their parents, regardless of how many times their parent might have abandoned them."
One might understand one reason, why children might not abandon their parents through these words:    
"Children who might try to be good enough to win the love of their parents might have no way of knowing that unconditional love might not be able to be bought with conditional behavior."    
Those who might seek to understand such "unconditional love", might appreciate these words:     
"Unconditional love might mean accepting someone for who they might be now, not who one might expect they might be one day."    
Those who might then still be tempted to seek such "unconditional love" by another, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to learn to love oneself first, instead of loving the idea of being loved by someone else."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to love oneself first through these words:   
"When one might not love oneself, one might accept love from anyone that might provide it, even if might not be good for one."
Those who might seek to know, whose love might not be good for them, might appreciate these words:   
"Martyrdom might have been a proof of the intensity, never of the correctness of a belief."   
Those who might then seek such correctness of a belief, might appreciate these words:    
"If one might ever seek to love someone, one might seek to love oneself unconditionally first."    
One might understand one reason, why such belief might be correct through these words:    
"One of the signs of insanity might be the belief that life after death might matter more than current life."    
One might understand one reason, why one might struggle to believe that their current life might matter more than what might happen after one's death through these words:    
"Expectation might be a subtle rejection of one's current situation."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to reject one's current situation through these words:    
"There might be no such thing as freedom of choice unless there might be freedom to refuse."    
Those who might then be tempted to seek such freedom just for the sake of freedom, might appreciate these words:    
"Ultimate freedom might be to be free from the desire to be free from anything."   
Those who might seek such ultimate freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might desire freedom, then one might have to be willing to confront what one might have been running from in one's search for it."   
Those who might then seek to know, what one might have been running from, might appreciate these words:    
"Unrequited love might not disappear; it might only be beaten down to a secret place where it might hide, curled and wounded."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted by such unrequited love through these words:    
"It might be the rooted instinct in one to admire what might be better than oneself."  
Those who might struggle with such instinct, might appreciate these words:   
"All one might need to know and observe in oneself might be this: Whenever one might feel superior or inferior to anyone, that might be the ego in one."    
Those who might be tempted to feel superior to anyone, might appreciate the chapter on "hope". Those who might struggle the feeling of such inferiority, might appreciate these words:   
"The tragedy might not be that one might be broken. The tragedy might be that one might not be mended again."    
Those who might then seek to mend, might appreciate these words:    
"The struggles might become one's story and that might be the beauty of Kintsugi. One's cracks might become the most beautiful part of one."
One might appreciate the understanding of the idea of "Kintsugi" which might have been originated in the idea to use glue and gold powder to repair broken ceramics, in order to cherish things even after they might have been broken that things might be able to be repaired. One might then appreciate the notion of the author that the logo for this document might have been designed to use Kintsugi to repair a broken heart in a symbolical sense. There might be further symbols such as an upward arrow as a sign for improvement and the letters "P", "R" and "O", representing the word "Pro". Those who might then seek to heal, might appreciate these words:    
"There might be a difference between interest and commitment. When one might be interested in doing something, one might do it only when it might be convenient. When one might be committed to something, one might accept no excuses – only results."   
One might then struggle to deliver such results as in:   
"The same cycle might continuously repeat until one might commit oneself to healing the root of the issue."    
Those who might seek to commit oneself to such healing, might appreciate these words:   
"Freedom might not be the absence of commitments, but the ability to choose - and commit oneself to - what might be best for oneself."   
Those who might seek to understand what might be best for oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One's survival as a species might depend on one's ability to recognize that one's well-being and the well-being of others might be one and the same."    
Those who might then seek such ability to recognize that one's well-being and the well-being of others might be one and the same, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"   
