One might find oneself wondering as in:   
"One might be a mystery to oneself."   
Those who are overwhelmed might appreciate the following advice:   
"The mystery of life might not be a problem to be solved but a reality to be experienced."   
Those who might seek to understand such a reality, might appreciate the chapter on "promise". Those who might struggle to accept such reality as described in these words:   
"Mystery might be delightful, but unscientific, since it might depend upon ignorance."   
Those who might be tempted by such ignorance might appreciate these words:   
"Ignorance might not be bliss. Bliss might be knowing the full meaning of what one might have been given."    
Those who might seek to know, what one might have been given, might appreciate these words:   
"The meaning of life might be to find one's gift. The purpose of life might be to give it away."   
Those who might seek to give, might struggle as in:   
"One might be able to give without loving, but one might not be able to love without giving."   
Those who might seek to understand love might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be an endless mystery, because there might be no reasonable cause that might enable to explain it."   
Those who yet seek to understand such love might appreciate the chapter on "transcendence" and these words:   
"There might be nothing more truly artistic than to love."    
Those who might seek to understand why that might be, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not seek to give to get. One might seek to give to inspire others to give."    
Those who might seek to inspire others might appreciate these words:   
"Curiosity might be the offspring of mystery. For without mystery there might be no need for curiosity. Curiosity might be the search for the things that can be, it might be the inspiration of one who might be truly adventuring."   
Those who might seek to become such an adventurer might appreciate these words:   
"Imagination might be the highest form of research."   
Those who might seek to understand such imagination, might appreciate the chapter on "imagination" and these words:   
"Imagination might need to be used, not to escape reality but to create it."   
Those who might then seek to curate such reality, might appreciate these words:   
"The hero journey might be inside of one; one might seek to tear off the veils and open the mystery of oneself."    
Those who struggle to start such a journey might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to lose one's mind in order to regain one's senses."   
Those who struggle to lose their mind, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might enables one to find oneself and lose oneself at the same time."   
Those who might seek to understand such art might appreciate the chapter on "ultimate" and these words:    
"No great art might have been made without the artist having known danger."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Risk might come from not knowing what one might be doing."   
Those who might then fear such risk, might appreciate these words:    
"Risk might be what might separate the artist from the artisan."   
Those who might then seek to be such an artist, might appreciate these words:   
"The first step toward maintaining autonomy in any programmed environment might be to be aware that there might be programming going on. It might be as simple as understanding the commercials might be there to help sell things. And that TV shows might be there to sell commercials, and so on."   
Those who might seek to become more aware of such a programming, might appreciate the chapters "consciousness" and "realization". Those who struggle with those who desire to sell them something, might appreciate the chapter on "asylum". Those who might seek to understand such programming might appreciate the chapter on "harmony". Those who might seek to take further steps to maintain their autonomy, but lack the motivation, might appreciate these words:    
"The three things that might motivate creative ones - autonomy, mastery, purpose! Autonomy might be the urge to direct one's own lives. Mastery might be the desire to get better and better at something that matters. Purpose might be the yearning to do what one might seek to do in the service of something larger than oneself. These might be the building blocks of an entirely new operating system for one's life."        
Those who might seek to understand such mastery might appreciate the chapter on "ultimate". Those who might seek to understand such purpose, might appreciate the chapter on "meaning" and "mission". Those who might seek to understand autonomy might appreciate these words:   
"Autonomy might be freedom to develop one's self - to increase one's knowledge, improve one's skills, and achieve responsibility for one's conduct. And it might be freedom to lead one's own life, to choose among alternative courses of action so long as no injury to others results."   
Those who mgiht then seek such freedom to develop one's self, might appreciate these words:   
"One's curiosity might be one's own growth point."   
Those who might seek to understand one reason why that might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Curiosity might keep leading one down new paths."   
Those who might seek to understand why such new paths might become necessary might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to solve one's problems with the same thinking one might have used when one might have created them."   
Those who might seek such new paths might appreciate these words:   
"The important thing might be not to stop questioning. Curiosity might have its own reason for existing."   
Those who might seek to understand one of such reason for existing, might appreciate these words:   
"Curiosity might be the essence of human existence. 'Who might one be? Where might one be? Where might one have come from? Where might one be going?' One might not know. One might not have any answers to those questions. One might not know what might be over there around the corner. But one might seek to find out."   
Those who might seek to understand, why it might be valuable, might appreciate these words:   
"Once one might believe in oneself, one might be able to risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that might reveal the one's spirit."   
Those who might struggle to believe in oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be easier to believe in oneself after someone else might have believed in one first."   
Those who might not be fortunate to have someone who might believe in them, might appreciate this document as a proof of faith in them by the first author. The first author might appreciate all the efforts to provide this document free of charge to those who might seek such faith in them. Those who might then seek to understand such a "spirit", might appreciate these words:   
"One's spirit might be the ability to confront the uncertainty of the future with curiosity and optimism. It might be the imagination that problems might be able to be solved, differences resolved. It might be a type of confidence. And it might be fragile. It might be able to be blackened by fear and superstition."   
Those who might struggle with such fear, might appreciate these words:  
"The fears one might not confront might become one's limits."    
Those who might then seek to understand such curiosity to confront their fear, might appreciate these words:   
"Curiosity in oneself might be but an appetite for knowledge. The great reason why one might abandon oneself wholly to silly pursuits and might trifle away one's time insipidly might be because one might find their curiosity blocked, and one's inquiries neglected."   
One might understand one reason, why one's inquiries might be neglected through these words:   
"Education might be learning what one might have not even known that one might have not known."   
Those who might not know, what one might not know, might appreciate these words:   
"Risk might come from not knowing what one might be doing."   
Those who might seek to know, how to know what one might be doing, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not be able to describe what one might be doing as a process, one might not know what one might be doing."
Those who might then seek to understand such a process, might appreciate these words:   
"One might perhaps never know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions might be the way to tell if one might be getting closer."   
Those who might not know, what one might seek to predict, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be easy to forget that danger might be near when one might not be able to see it."   
Those who might then seek to see such danger, might appreciate the chapter on "preparation" and these words:    
"Art might not be what one might see, but what one might make others see."   
Those who might then be tempted to ignore such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Cruelty might come in many forms - ignorance might be one of them."    
Those who might be tempted by such cruelty, might appreciate the chapter on "protection" and these word:   
"Unlimited tolerance might have to lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If one might extend unlimited tolerance even to those who might be intolerant, if one might not be prepared to defend a tolerant society, then the tolerant might be destroyed, and tolerance with them. One might therefore seek to claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant."    
One might understand one reason, how one might have been intolerant through these words:   
"Intolerance might be the first sign of an inadequate education. An ill-educated one might behave with arrogant impatience, whereas truly profound education might breed humility."    
Those who might be tempted by such arrogant impatience, might appreciate the chapter on "patience" and these words:   
"One might stop being a child when one might realize the world might not be here to cater to one's wants and needs."   
Those who might be tempted to remain a child, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might not know history might forever remain children."   
Those who might refuse to know such history, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might know nothing about history might be doomed forever to repeat it."   
Those who might still refuse such history appreciate these words:   
"One might have three ways of acting wisely. First, on meditation and thinking, that might be the noblest. Secondly, on imitation; that might be the easiest. Thirdly, on experience; that might be the bitterest."   
Those who might seek to understand such bitterest experience, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be free to make one's own choices, but one might not be free to choose the consequences."   
Those who might seek to understand such consequences, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility", "meaning" and "hope" and these words:    
"Learning might be a consequence of thinking."    
Those who might then seek to think
"Without hope, there might be no despair. There might be only meaningless suffering."  
Those who might then seek such hope, might appreciate these words:   
"While it might be wise to learn from experience, it might be wiser to learn from the experiences of others."   
Those who might seek to learn from the experiences of others, might appreciate these words:    
"Those who might be bad at teaching might impose their ideas and their methods on those who might seek to learn, and such originality as they might have might be lost in the second-rate art of imitation."   
Those who might understand one reason, why one might be stuck in such second-rate art of imitation through these words:   
"The deepest problems of modern life might derive from the claim of the individual to preserve the autonomy and individuality of one's existence in the face of overwhelming social forces, of historical heritage, of external culture, and of the technique of life."   
Those who might seek to understand such life, might appreciate the following effort trying to define life:   
"The definition of life might be any system which might be able to produce complexity at scale."   
Those who might then seek to produce such complexity at scale, might appreciate these words:   
"Oversimplifying might be the first grave mistake one might make when confronted by complexity; overconfidence might be the second."
Those who might seek to understand such overconfidence, might appreciate these words:   
"Some philosophies might be questions that might never be answered, some religions might be answers that might never be questioned."   
Those who might have been confronted with those who might force them to imitate them, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to avoid those who might say they might know the answer. One might seek to keep the company of those who might be trying to understand the question."    
Those who might be with those who might refuse understand one's question, might appreciate these words:
"Others might learn more from what one might be than what one might teach."   
Those who might seek to know, what one might have been teaching through the way how one might have been, might appreciate these words:
"When one might not have any curiosity about oneself, that might be a bad sign."   
One might understand one reason why the lack of such curiosity about oneself might be a bad sign through these words:   
"There might be no foolish questions, and no one might become a foolish one until one might have stopped asking questions."   
Those who might seek to understand how one might become such a foolish one, might appreciate these words:   
"Autonomy and independence might involve taking care of oneself – not doing things that might diminish one."   
Those who might have been forced to do things which might have been diminishing one, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be a miracle that curiosity might survive formal education."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be a miracle at the time of writing of this current document ( \today ) through these words:   
"One who might be bad at teaching might not be a problem with those who might be teaching. A school with many of those who might be bad at teaching might be a problem of leadership."   
Those who might seek to solve such a problem of leadership, might appreciate these words:    
"The greatest challenge to anyone might be stating the problem in a way that might allow a solution."   
Those who might then seek to state such a problem of leadership in a way, which might allow such a solution, might appreciate these words:   
"The first step in solving a problem might be admitting there might be a problem to be solved."   
Those who might struggle to admit that there might be a problem, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might deny one's shadow it might become one's tyrant."    
Those who might then seek to confront one's shadow, might appreciate the chapter on "accessibility", "responsibility", "hope" and these words:   
"True ignorance might not be the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."
Those who then seek to expand one's knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"True knowledge might exist in knowing that one might know nothing. And in knowing that one might know nothing, that might make one the smartest of all."   
Those who might think of themselves such "smartest of all" through their knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"Any foolish one might be able to know. The point might be to understand."   
Those who might seek to understand why knowing might not enough, might appreciate these words:   
"Knowledge without action might be wastefulness and action without knowledge might be foolishness."   
Those who struggle to understand, might appreciate these words:   
"One might like it when one might understand something that one previously thought one might not be able to understand. It might be a sense of empowerment."   
Those who might seek to know, what one might seek to say to those who might be bad at teaching, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no such thing as one who might be bad at studying. There might be only those who might be bad at teaching."   
Those who then seek to know what to say to those who might insist on teaching them, might appreciate these words:   
"Teaching might have its virtues, but it might be often bad for the who might be teaching."   
Those who might still seek to teach virtuously, might appreciate these words:   
"The whole art of teaching might be only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards."   
Those who then seek to inspire, might appreciate these words:   
"Good teaching might be one-forth preparation and three-fourths theater."   
Those who might seek to prepare, might appreciate the chapter on "preparation". Those who might seek to understand such theater, might appreciate the advice to research the methodology of "improvised theater". One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"The test of one who might be good at teaching might not be how many questions one might be able to ask to those who might seek to learn from them that they might answer readily, but how many questions one might inspire them to ask one which one might find it hard to answer."   
Those who might struggle to find an answer, might appreciate these words:   
"It might not the answer that might enlighten, but the question."   
Those who might seek such enlightenment, might appreciate the chapter on "realization" and these words:   
"Sharing knowledge might not be about giving others something, or getting something from them. That might be only valid for information sharing. Sharing knowledge might occur when one might be genuinely interested in helping one another develop new capacities for action; it might be about creating learning processes."   
Those who might seek to create such a process, might appreciate these words:    
"It might be so important to allow others to bloom and to be driven by their curiosity."   
Those who might seek to understand why that might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Curiosity, especially intellectual inquisitiveness, might be what might separate the truly alive from those who might be merely going through the motions."     
Those who might seek to understand why curiosity might be so crucial, might appreciate these words:   
"Knowledge might have to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it might vanish."   
Those who might be tempted to give up, might appreciate these words:   
"Effort might only fully release its reward after one might have refused to quit."   
Those who might seek to help those who might refuse to quit, might appreciate these words:   
"The proper end of teaching might be to lead one's students toward autonomy."  
Those who might seek to lead their students towards autonomy, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to teach principles not formulas."    
Those who might seek to understand why teaching such principles might be important, might appreciate these words:    
"If one might focus on principles, one might empower everyone who understands those principles to act without constant monitoring, evaluating, correcting, or controlling."    
Those who might seek such autonomy, might appreciate these words:   
"To reject revelational epistemology might be to commit oneself to defending the truth of autonomous epistemology."   
One might appreciate the simplicity of the explanation of the term "epistemology" as following:   
"Epistemology might be the study of knowledge. By what conduit might one know what one knows?"   
One might then appreciate the explanation of the term "revelational epistemology" as the conduit of gaining knowledge through some "supernatural sources" or "divinity" some might refer to as "god" or "gods". Those who might seek to reject such conduit, might appreciate the explanation of "autonomous epistemology", which is the conduit of gaining knowledge through one's own experience as in:   
"Science might be the systematic classification of experience."   
Those who might seek to classify their own experience systematically might appreciate these words:   
"Whatever the measurement system might be, it might need to be consistent, repeatable, and as unbiased as possible."   
Those who wonder, why being entirely unbiased might not be possible, might appreciate these words:   
"But epistemology might be always and inevitably personal. The point of the probe might be always in the heart of the one who might be exploring: What might be one's answer to the question of the nature of knowing?"   
Those who might seek such an answer might appreciate these words:   
"The most beautiful thing one might be able to experience might be the mysterious. It might be the source of all true art and science."   
One might be tempted to stay in such experience might appreciate these words:    
"It might be amazing how complete the delusion might be that beauty might be goodness."
One might understand why such beauty might not be goodness through these words:   
"Danger might hide in beauty and beauty in danger."   
Those who might seek to understand such danger, might appreciate these words:   
"All it might take might be a beautiful fake smile to hide an injured soul."   
Those who might be tempted to overlook such danger, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it might be close upon one."   
Those who might seek to understand why one's soul might be injured, might appreciate the chapter on "soul" and these words:      
"The saddest aspect of life right now might be that science might gather knowledge faster than society might gather wisdom."   
Those who might seek to understand such knowledge, might appreciate these words:    
"Knowledge might be power. If it might not be applied properly to create, there might be no doubts, it might destroy."   
Those who might then seek to gather such wisdom to prevent further destruction, might appreciate these words:   
"Wisdom might come not from age, but from education and learning."   
Those who then might seek to understand such wisdom, might appreciate these words:   
"To acquire knowledge, one might need to study; but to acquire wisdom, one might need to observe."    
Those who might not know, what to observe, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be able to learn many things from others. How much patience they might have, for instance."    
Those who might seek such patience might appreciate the chapter on "patience".   
Those wo seek to help such young ones, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might be able to light the spark of curiosity in young ones, they might learn without any further assistance."   
Those who might seek to spark such curiosity, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"   
