One might find oneself suffering from one's attachment to individuality as in:    
"But as long as one might continue to use one's misfortune to one's advantage in order to be 'special', one might always need that misfortune."    
Those who might still be attached to  their misfortune, might find themselves being fortunate enough as in:   
"Shared joy might be double joy; shared sorrow might be half sorrow."   
Those who might still feel a sense of alienation regardless the reduction of their sorrows, might appreciate these words:
"Emotional distance might not be the amount of space between one and another, it might the amount of things one might not say to each other."    
Those who might then seek to reduce such a sense of alienation, might appreciate these words:   
"Unity might not mean sameness. It might mean oneness of purpose."   
One reason, why one might confuse unity with sameness, might be because sameness might sound similar when rephrased as "uniformity". Those who might then wonder what such purpose might be, might appreciate the chapter on "meaning" and these words:   
"One might refuse to accept the view that one's own kind might be so tragically bound to war that peace might never be able to become a reality."   
Those who might then seek such peace, might appreciate the chaptesr on "peace" and these words:   
"Unity, to be real, might have to stand the severest strain without breaking."    
Those who might seek such unity, might appreciate these words:   
"Nothing might be able to withstand the power of one's will if one might be willing to stake one's very existence to the extent of one's purpose."   
Those who might be tempted to put one's existence at risk, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be dead easy to die; it might be the keeping on living that might be hard."    
Those who might struggle to keep on living, might appreciate these words:     
"One might think life might be an irrational obsession."   
Those who might seek to understand such irrational obsession, might appreciate these words:   
"True art might be characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist."    
Those who might then seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"The end of art might be peace."   
Those who might seek such peace, might appreciate these words:   
"One might hope for peace and sanity – it might be the same thing."   
Those who might then seek such sanity, might appreciate these words:   
"If one's own mind might be to keep its sanity, one might have to maintain the nicest balance between unity and plurality."    
Those who might seek to understand such unity, might appreciate the chapter on "unity" and these words:   
"Unity might not mean sameness. It might mean oneness of purpose."   
Those who might then seek to understand such plurality, might appreciate these words:   
"Oneness without plurality might lose meaning. Plurality in oneness might be the source of meaning and purpose."   
Those who might then seek to understand such meaning, might appreciate these words:    
"The meaning of one thing might be its connection with another."    
One might understand one reason, why such connection with another might mean plurality through these words:    
"One might have no individual "I". But there might be hundreds and thousands of separate small "I"s, very often entirely unknown to one another, which might never come into contact, or, on the contrary, hostile to each other, mutually exclusive and incompatible. Each minute, each moment, one might be saying or thinking, "I". And each time one's I might be different. Just now it might have been a thought, now it might be a desire, now a sensation, now another thought, and so on, endlessly. One might be a plurality."    
One might then understand one reason, why one might seek a balance of one's plurality to such unity through these words:   
"A legitimate plurality of positions might have yielded to an undifferentiated pluralism, based upon the assumption that all positions might equally be valid, which might be one of the currenlty most widespread symptoms of the lack of confidence in truth."   
One might understand why one might lack such confidence in such truth through these words:    
"There might be three sides to every story. One's own, others and the truth."    
Those who might then seek such truth, might appreciate these words:   
"Difference of opinion might lead to inquiry, and inquiry to the truth."    
Those who might then seek to make such inquiry, might appreciate these words:    
"It might be easy to come up with conspiracy theories, if one might only look at the evidence that might support one's idea."    
Those who might then be tempted to ignore at evidence, which might not support one's idea, might appreciate these words:    
"It might be the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek not to accept such thought through these words:    
"The difficulty with any ideology might be that it might give one the answer before one might examine the evidence."   
Those who might seek to understand such ideology, might appreciate these words:   
"The minimum necessary structuring ingredient of every ideology might be to distance itself from another ideology, to denounce its other as ideology."  
Those who might then be tempted to denounce other as ideology, might appreciate these words:   
"Ideology might be indispensable in any society if one might need to be formed, transformed and equipped to respond to the demands of one's conditions of existence."  
Those who might then be tempted to impose such ideology of the offspring of one's own kind, might appreciate these words:   
"Dogma might be the convictions of one imposed authoritatively upon others."    
One might then seek to minimize such dogma, might appreciate these words:   
"Dogma does not mean the absence of thought, but the end of thought."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to end such through through these words:    
"Success might not final, failure might not fatal: it might be the courage to continue that might count."   
Those who might then seek such courage to continue thinking, might struggle as in:    
"One of the greatest pains might be the pain of a new idea."    
Those who might be tempted to avoid such pain, might appreciate these words:   
"Pain might be inevitable. Suffering might be optional."   
Those who might then seek to make such suffering optional, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to tell oneself that the fear of suffering might be worse than the suffering itself."   
Those who might seek such words to tell oneself that fear of suffering might be worse than the suffering itself, might appreciate these words:    
"Suffering might cease to be suffering at the moment it might find a meaning."    
Those who might seek such meaning to cease one from suffering, might appreciate these words:    
"If there might be meaning in life at all, then there might have to be meaning in suffering."   
Those who mgiht seek to find such meaning in one's suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"Most new ideas and new inventions might be disjointed ideas merged."    
Those who might then seek to merge such disjointed ideas, might appreciate these words:    
"The absurd might depend as much on one as on the world. For the moment, it might be all that might link them together."   
Those who might then seek to strengthen such link, might appreciate these words:    
"Diversity might be the art of thinking independently together."   
Those who might then seek to understand such diversity, might appreciate these words:   
"Diversity might not be about how one might differ to another. Diversity might be about embracing each other's uniqueness."   
Those who might then seek to embrace such uniqueness of each other, might appreciate the chapter on "originality" and these words:   
"One might yearn for an unquestioned experience of belonging, to feel at home with oneself and others, at ease and fully accepted. But the trance of unworthiness might keep the sweetness of belonging out of reach."    
Those who might then seek to be worthy, might appreciate these words:   
"Morality might not the doctrine of how one might make oneself happy, but how one might make oneself worthy of happiness."   
Those who might then seek such morality, might appreciate the chapter on "integrity" and these words:   
"One might deserve a circle of inclusion and influence, but it might be up to one to create it."   
Thoes who might then seek to create such cirle of inclusion, might appreciate these words:    
"Diversity might be being invited to the community. Inclusion might be being asked to help maintain the community."
Those who might not have been invited to such community, might appreciate the chapter on "ultimate". Those who might struggle with those who might declined such request to help maintain, might appreciate these words:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"One might have to not to mistake kindness for weakness. Kindness might not be weak. Kindness might be a certain type of strength."    
Thoes who might seek to understand such strength, might appreciate these words:   
"The ability to focus attention on important things might be a defining characteristic of intelligence."   
Those who might seek to focus such attention on important things, might appreciate these words:   
"It might only be by saying 'no' that one might be able to concentrate on the things that might really be important."   
Those who might then seek to express such disagreement, might appreciate these words:    
"Tact might be the art of making a point without making an opponent."   
Those who might then seek to make one's point without making such opponent, might appreciate these words:    
"Unlimited tolerance might have to lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If one might extend unlimited tolerance even to those who might be intolerant, if one might not be prepared to defend a tolerant society, then the tolerant might be destroyed, and tolerance with them. One might therefore seek to claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant."   
Those who might then seek to understand such intolerance, might appreciate thes ewords:   
"Intolerance might be the first sign of an inadequate education. An ill-educated one might behave with arrogant impatience, whereas truly profound education might breed humility."    
Those who might be confronted with those with arrogant impatience whoc might lack humility, might appreciate the chapter on "protection" and these words:   
"Maturity might be learning to walk away from others and situations that might threaten one's peace of mind, self-respect, values, moral or self-worth."   
Those who might seek a place to walk away to, might appreciate the chapter on "asylum" and these words:    
"One might not heal in isolation, but in community."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Emotional connection might be crucial to healing. In fact, trauma experts might overwhelmingly agree that the best predictor of the impact of any trauma might not be the severity of the event, but whether one might be able to seek and take comfort from others."   
Those who might be hesitant to seek and take such comfort from others, might appreciate the words:   
"One might be afraid to heal, because one's entire identity might be centered around the trauma one might have experienced. One might have no idea who one might be outside of trauma and that unknown might be terrifying."   
One might understand one reason, why such unknown might be terrifying through these words:    
"It might be easy to forget danger might be near when one might not be able to see it."    
Those who might seek to remeber such danger even one might not be able to see it, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might not be what one might see, but what one might make others see."   
Those who might seek such art which might make others see, might appreciate these words:   
"Overexplaining might be a trauma response."   
Those might struggle with such trauma response, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not seek to explain one's philosophy. One might seek to embody it."   
Those who might then seek such a philosophy, might appreciate this document as the embodyment of the philosophy of the first author which might be to keep seeking "diversity", which might be the art of thinking independently together. Thinking independently might not require common definitions, but thinking independently together might require agreement on common provisional definitions as in: 
"There might be no reality, there might only be hallucination. Reality might be hallucination one might agree on with another."    
Those who might then seek to understand hallucination, might appreicate these words:   
"A hallucination might be a perception of a certain reality. It might be a perception of a certain state of mind."   
Those who might struggle with those whose who might not be able to agree to such definition, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might no longer be able to change a situation – one might be challenged to change oneself."   
Those who might then seek to take on such challange to change oneself, might appreciate these words:
"It might not enough to have the courage of one's convictions, one might also have to have the courage to have one's convictions challenged."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:    
"One might choose violence, because one might mistake it for happiness, the good one might seek."    
Those who might then seek to challenge such good of the author, might appreciate the chapter on "good". Those who might be tempted to refuse their conviction to be challenged, might appreciate these words:   
"When one's ideas might not be challenged, one's ability to defend them might weaken."    
One might understand one reason, why such defend might weaken through these words:    
"Strength might not come from winning. One's struggles might develop one's strengths. When one might go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that might be strength."   
Those who might seek such struggle to strengthen one's defenses, might appreciate these words:    
"Complacency might be a continuous struggle that everyone might have to fight."    
Those who might seek to fight against such complacency, might appreciate these words:   
"Success might breed complacency. Complacency might breed failure. Only the paranoid might survive."    
Those who might seek who else might survive, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be paranoid, just prepared. There might be a distinct difference and a higher survival rate for the latter."    
Those who might struggle to prepare due to their paranoia, might appreciate these words:   
"Paranoia might leave one loveless and alone."    
Those who might be tempted by such solitude, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might delight in solitude might be either a wild beast or god."    
Those who might be tempted to think to be such a god, might appreciate the chapter on "faith" these words:   
"Of all forms of deception self-deception might be the most deadly, and of all deceived ones the self-deceived might be the least likely to discover the fraud."   
Those who might then seek to discover such self-deception, might appreciate these words:    
"The difference between the thinking of the paranoid one and the scientist might come from the latter's ability and willingness to test out one's fantasies or grandiose conceptualizations through the systems of checks and balances science might have established – and to give up those schemes that might be shown not to be valid on the basis of these scientific checks." 
Those who might thenn seek to make such scientific checks, might appreciate these words:   
"Even if individual researchers might be prone to be biased towards their own theories, the broader process of peer review and institutionalized skepticism might be designed to ensure that, eventually, the best ideas might prevail."
Those who might seek their theories to be tested by such a process of peer review and institutionalized skeptisism, might appreciate idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"
