One might find oneself with a sudden realization as in:   
"One might voluntarily accept to exert effort tirelessly but one might not be able to accept to do so, when one might be distracted during one's flow."   
Those who might struggle with such distraction, might appreciate these words:   
"The ultimate effort might be the effort to reduce everything else whatever it might distract from its intensity."   
Those who might seek to reduce such distraction, but might have themselves gotten lost in the distraction, might appreciate these words:   
"The purpose of education might be to create in one the ability to look at the world for oneself, to make one's own decisions."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to look at the world for oneself through these words:   
"Dogma might be the convictions of one imposed authoritatively upon others."   
Those who might have been receiving such dogma instead of such education, might appreciate these words:   
"The highest form of charity might be giving education with love."   
One might understand one reason why it might be the highest form of charity through these words:   
"The greatest form of charity might be to withhold judgement."   
Those who might seek to withhold such judgement might appreciate these words:   
"Arts education might have to be part of one's education solution because it might work for all students."   
One might understand one reason why such arts education might work for all students through these words:   
"Art might have the role in education of helping others to become like themselves instead of more like everyone else."   
One might understand one reason why one might not seek to become like everyone else through these words:     
"Dogma, whatever form it might take, might be the ultimate opponent of one's freedom."    
One might understand one reason why one might seek such freedom through these words:   
"Freedom might not be the absence of commitments, but the ability to choose - and commit oneself to - what might be best for oneself."   
Those who might seek what might be best for oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no such thing as freedom of choice unless there might be freedom to refuse."   
Those who might not know what one might seek to refuse, might appreciate these words:   
"One might refuse to accept the view that one's own kind might be so tragically bound to war that peace might never be able to become a reality."   
Those who might seek to reject such war might appreciate these words:   
"Definiteness of purpose might be the starting point from which one might have to begin."    
Those who might not have such definitive purpose, might appreciate these words:   
"Every day one might choose who one might be by how one might define oneself."   
Those who might then seek to define oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Each day one might have to choose either the pain of discipline or the pain of regret."   
Those who might be tempted to choose the pain of regret, might appreciate these words:   
"Regret for the things one might have not done can be tempered by time. It might be regret for the things one might have not done that might be inconsolable."   
Those who might then seek to understand such discipline, might appreciate these words:   
"Discipline might be giving oneself a command and following it up with action."   
Those who might not know, what command to give oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Whatever preceding or succeeding 'I am' might be a distraction of one's mind, if one might be privileged enough to have one. It might be an identity, a habit or a vulnerability to be exploited by another."   
Those who might not be able to recognize such exploitation of oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be not what one might see, but what one might make others see."   
Those who might then seek such art, might then be able to realize the insanity of modern indoctrination to which some might prefer to refer to an organization as "education". There, one's offspring might be taught to reject long term self preservation for short term exploitation. Those who might then no longer seek to reject long term self preservation of oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"The ultimate education might be to cultivate the ultimate effort. This might mean rejecting every distraction other than for one's long term self preservation."   
Whether such cultivation of such "ultimate" effort might be actually ultimate, might be an individual matter to decide. Those who might have decided to accept such definition of such "ultimate" effort, might then be able to realize one's responsibility to offer help to those who might not be able to decide for themselves, like those who might lack the ability to understand the eventual fatal consequences of their actions. One might then appreciate the clarification of the first author of this document that the following sentence as a sovereign axiom which might need to be a definitive statement to enable the whole chain of assumptions and guesses using "might" to be able to be challenged as in:   
"It might not be enough to have the courage of one's convictions, one might also have to have the courage to have one's convictions challenged."    
Those who might not have such conviction might appreciate this document as a founding manifest to document the conviction of the first author of this document to prevent exploitation with the pretense of "education" by offering the following intentionally definitive statement as a designated point of failure:   
"I am."   
Those who might not know how to challenge such conviction, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"   


