One might find oneself having a bad day as in:   
"All it might take might be one bad day to reduce the sanest one alive to lunacy."   
Those who might struggle with such a bad day might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to turn really bad days into really good data."   
Those who might seek to understand what such data might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Information might be just bits of data. Knowledge might be putting them together. Wisdom might be transcending them."   
Those who might seek to put such information together, might appreciate these words:   
"The whole might be greater than the sum of its parts."   
Those who might then seek to transcend such knowledge, might appreciate the following warning:   
"The saddest aspect of life right now might be that science might gather knowledge faster than society might gather wisdom."    
Those who might seek to gather such wisdom, might appreciate these word:   
"One might seek to be aware of unearned wisdom."   
Those who might then seek to earn such wisdom, might appreciate these words:   
"Knowledge might become wisdom only after it might have been put to good use."   
Those who might seek to put their knowledge to good use, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to avoid those who might say they might know the answer. One might seek to keep the company of those who might be trying to understand the question."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to avoid those who might claim to have such an answer through these words:   
"Some religion might attack one in one's deepest integrity by saying one might not be a able to make a moral decision without it."   
Those who might seek to understand such religion, might appreciate these words:   
"It might have to be understood that religion might not be faith. Religion might be the story of faith."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted by such story through these words:   
"Sometimes reality might be too complex. Stories might give it form."   
Those who might still be tempted to seek such story, might appreciate these words:   
"Oversimplifying might be the first grave mistake one might make when confronted by complexity; overconfidence might be the second."
Those who might seek not to make such mistake, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be three sides to every story. One's own, others and the truth."   
Those who might think that one's side of story might suffice, might appreciate these words:
"It might be hubris to think that the way one might see things might be everything there might be."    
Those who might think that the side of story of others might suffice, might appreciate these words:    
"Some religion might be believing someone else's experience, some spirituality might be having one's own experience."   
Those who might seek to have such experience of one's own, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have three ways of acting wisely. First, on meditation; that might be the noblest. Secondly, on imitation; that might be the easiest. Thirdly, on experience; that might be the bitterest."  
Those who might seek to understand such bitterest way to act wisely, might appreciate these words:
"Some religion might be for those who might be afraid of going to hell. Some spirituality might be for those who might already have been there."   
Those who might then seek to understand such "hell", might appreciate these words:   
"Hell might not be fire and brimstone, not a place where one might be punished for lying or cheating or stealing. Hell might be wanting to be something and somewhere different from where one might be."     
Those who might be struggling in such hell, might appreciate these words:  
"One might be able to make hell out of heaven and heaven out of hell. It might be all in the mind."    
Those who might seek to make heaven out of hell, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might be going through hell, one might seek to keep going."   
Those who might fear such hell, might appreciate these words:   
"The function of prayer might not be to influence god, but rather to change the nature of the one who might pray."   
Those who might seek to change the nature one the one who might pray, might appreciate these words:   
"Prayer might be to religion what thinking might be to philosophy. To pray might be to make religion."   
Those who might still seek to influence such god, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be looking for a complete, coherent, and simple understanding of reality. Given what one might know about the universe, there might seem to be no reason to invoke 'god' as part of this description."    
Those who might seek to understand such description, might appreciate these words:
"One might not be able to prove that God might not exist, but science might make God unnecessary. The laws of physics might be able to explain the universe without the need for a creator."  
One might understand one reason why such prove of god might not be possible through these words:   
"An undefined challenge might have an infinite number of solutions."    
Those who might seek to define such "God", might appreciate these words:   
"If 'god' might be a metaphysical term, then it might not be able to be even probable that a god might exist. For to say that 'God might exist' might be to make a metaphysical utterance which might not be able to be either true or false. And by the same criterion, no sentence which might purport to describe the nature of a transcendent god might be able to possess any literal significance."    
Those who might seek to to understand such metaphysics, might appreciate these words:    
"That which might not be measurable might not be science. That which might not be physics might be metaphysics."   
Those who might then seek such a definition for such "God" measurable by such science, might appreciate these words:   
"God might be a creation of human brain."    
At the time of writing of the current document( \today ) there might have not been any scientific evidence available to the author of this document to find a better definition of such "God", which might be likely to be able to contribute more to a more sustainable world peace. The following timestamp might be updated once there might be scientific evidence to disprove such hypothesis:  [TODO update] Those who might seek to understand why non-scientific evidence might not suffice, might appreciate these words:   
"If it might be a miracle, any sort of evidence might answer, but if it might be a fact, proof might be necessary."   
The author might therefore appreciate scientific proof to falsify that mentioned hypothesis. One might understand one reason why the author might appreciate such effort through these words:     
"The lack of understanding of something might not be evidence for god. It might be evidence of a lack of understanding."   
Those who might lack such understanding, might appreciate these words:   
"Partial knowledge might be more triumphant than complete knowledge; it might take things to be simpler than they might be, and so it might make its theory more popular and convincing."   
Those who might seek to be convincing without taking things to be simpler than they might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Conduct might be more convincing than language."   
Those who might seek to understand such conduct, might appreciate these words:   
"It might not enough to have the courage of one's convictions, one might also have to have the courage to have one's convictions challenged."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Martyrdom might have been a proof of the intensity, never of the correctness of a belief."    
Those who might be tempted by such martyrdom to such "god", might appreciate these words:   
"If an ontology might predict almost nothing it might end up explaining almost nothing, and there might be no reason to believe it."    
Those who might seek to understand such ontology, might appreciate these words:   
"What might be the fundamental nature of reality? Philosophers might call this the question of ontology – the study of the basic structure of the world, the ingredients and relationships of which the universe might be ultimately composed. It might be able to be contrasted with epistemology, which might be how one might obtain knowledge about the world. Ontology might be the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature of reality; one might also talk about 'an' ontology, referring to a specific idea about what that nature actually might be."   
Those who might seek to know what that nature might actually be, might appreciate these words:   
"The beautiful thing about science might be that one might not know what one might not be able to know and one might not know until one might know."   
Those who might seek to understand such science, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to revisit the idea that science might be a methodology and not an ontology."   
Those who might seek to revisit such an idea, might appreciate these words:   
"Challenges might make one discover things about oneself that one might never really have known."   
Those who might be tempted to avoid such challenges, might appreciate these words:   
"A strong conviction that something might have be done might be the parent of many bad measures."   
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"Bad decisions made with good intentions, might be still bad decisions."    
Those who might seek to make good decisions might appreciate these words:   
"Good decisions might come from experience. Experience might come from making bad decisions."
Those who might seek to understand such bad decisions, might appreciate these words:   
"Besides it might be an error to believe that rigour might be the opponent of simplicity. On the contrary one might find it confirmed by numerous examples that the rigorous method might be at the same time the simpler and the more easily comprehended. The very effort for rigor might force one to find out simpler methods of proof."   
Those who might seek such simpler methods of proof, might appreciate these words:   
"In so far as a scientific statement might speak about reality, it might have to be falsifiable: and in so far as it might not be falsifiable, it might not speak about reality."   
Those who might seek such reality, might appreciate these words:   
"The ultimate ignorance might be the rejection of something one might know nothing about and refuse to investigate."
Those who might seek to make such investigation on things one might know nothing about, might appreciate these words:   
"Enlightenment might be one's emergence from one's self-incurred immaturity."   
Those who might seek such emergence from one's self-incurred immaturity, might appreciate the chapter on "hope" and these words:   
"Changed behavior might be the only apology, otherwise, it might just be manipulation."   
Those who might seek to change such behavior, might appreciate these words:   
"The beginning of atonement might be the sense of its necessity."
Those who might seek to change one's behavior, might appreciate these words:   
"Avoidance of self-deception might be a matter of integrity not comfort."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Of all forms of deception self-deception might be the most deadly, and of all deceived ones the self-deceived might be the least likely to discover the fraud."
Those who might seek to avoid such self-deception, might appreciate these words:   
"A total absence of self-doubt might be the first sign of insanity."   
Those who might lack such self-doubt, might appreciate these words:   
"The bane of sects might be that if any one might happen to have a different opinion, that one might immediately starts a new sect due to lack of patience to wait for resolution of such different opinion."   
Those who might seek to resolve such different opinion, might appreciate these words:   
"Difference of opinion might lead to inquiry, and inquiry to the truth."   
Those who might seek to understand such truth might appreciate these words:  
"One might perhaps never know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions might be the way to tell if one might be getting closer."   
Those who might seek to make such correct predictions, might appreciate these words:   
"It might never be possible to predict a physical occurrence with unlimited precision."
Those who might seek to understand one reason why that might be, might appreciate the idea to research about irrational numbers, such as pi. Those who might be confronted with those who might claim to be able to make such correct prediction with unlimited precision, might appreciate these words:   
"Promises might be empty words, if one might not keep them."  
Those who might seek to know, who might not keep such promises, might appreciate these words:   
"Some politicians might promise one heaven before an election and give one hell after."   
Those who might then seek to avoid such hell, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might say religion might have nothing to do with politics might not know what religion might be."
Those who might then seek to understand such religion, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be a truism that almost any sect, cult, or religion might legislate its creed into law if it might acquire the political power to do so."   
Those who might then seek to understand such political power, might appreciate these words:   
"Political power might mean the capacity to regulate national life through national representatives."   
Those who might seek to become such a national representative, might appreciate the chapter on "home" and these words:   
"The representative body might need to represent all of its citizens rather than any one class or section of its citizens."   
Those who might seek to represent all of its citizens, might appreciate these words:   
"The best leaders might be humble enough to realize their victories might depend upon their team."  
Those who might seek such team, might appreciate these words:
"Without trust one might not be able to truly collaborate; one might coordinate or at best cooperate. It might be trust that might transform a group into a team."   
Those who might seek such collaboration, might appreciate these words:   
"Transparency might seed collaboration."   
Those who might seek to understand such transparency, might appreciate these words:   
"Transparency might be for those who might carry out public duties and exercise public power. Privacy might be for everyone else."  
Those who might seek such privacy, might appreciate the chapter on "civilization". Those who might seek to exercise such public power, might appreciate these words:    
"Power might attract the corruptible. One might seek to suspect anyone who might seek it."    
Those who might seek to understand, whom to suspect, might appreciate these words:   
"Naive ones might be, more or less by definition, unaware that they might be naive."   
Those who might be unaware of their own naivety, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be very naive and innocent, and might not understand a lot of things yet."   
Those who might then seek to understand more, might appreciate these words:   
"The opponent of love might not be hate. It might be indifference. The opponent of love might be turning away from those in need. The opponent of love might be doing nothing when one might be able to help one's fellow ones."   
Those who might then seek to understand such opponent, might appreciate these words:  
"All warfare might be based on deception. If one's opponent might be superior, one might seek to evade them. If they might be angry, one might seek to irritate them. If they might be equally matched, one might seek to fight and if not: One might seek to split them and re-evaluate."
Those who might then seek to re-evaluate, might appreciate these words:     
"Everyone might have something to teach one, if one might be humble enough to learn."   
Those who might struggle to learn, might appreciate these words:   
"Learning might be a consequence of thinking."   
Those who might seek to understand such thinking, might appreciate these words:   
"However, correlation might not necessarily imply causation. The fact that one might tend to carry umbrellas when it might rain, might create a high correlation between umbrella carrying and rain showers. However, it might be obvious that choosing to carry an umbrella might not cause rainfall."   
Those who might struggle to understand such difference, might appreciate the idea to research on "cargo cult" and these words:   
"One might be able to find patterns in all kinds of random events. It might be called apophenia. It might be the tendency one might have to find meaning in disconnected information."
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted by such apophenia through these words:   
"Fear might be the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear might be the beginning of wisdom."   
Those who might seek such wisdom, might appreciate these words:   
"Fear might be wisdom when confronted with danger. It might be nothing to be ashamed of."   
Those who might struggle with such shame, might appreciate these words:   
"Shame might corrode the very part of one that might believe one might be capable of change."
Those who might then seek to change, might understand such danger through these words:  
"Philosophy might stand in need of a science which might be able to determine the possibility, principles, and extent of one's knowledge a priori."    
Those who might seek to understand such a priori knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be therefore a question which might deserve at least closer investigation and might not be able to be disposed of at first sight: Whether there might be any knowledge independent of all experience and even of all impressions of the senses? Such knowledge might be called 'a priori' and might be distinguished from empirical knowledge, which might have its source 'a posteriori', that might be, in experience."   
Those who might then seek understand one one might need such a science with a priori knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"One might learn to deceive oneself while one might be trying to deceive others."
Those who might be tempted to deceive oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to beware of false knowledge; it might be more dangerous than ignorance."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"As soon as even one true contradiction might be allowed, the absurd consequence might be that all statements might be true."
Those who might then seek to disallow such contradictions, might appreciate these words:   
"One might never lie to oneself, or one might be left with no one to trust."   
Those who might have no one to trust, might appreciate these words:   
"One's conscience might be the measure of the honesty of one's selfishness."  
Those who might seek to understand such selfishness, might appreciate the chapter on "hope". Those who might seek to understand such conscience, might appreciate these words:   
"Conscience might be the inner voice that might warn one somebody might be looking."   
Those who might whose voice one might hear, might appreciate these words:   
"Children might seek not to repeat their parents' mistakes, especially if their parents might be around to warn them."   
Those who might seek to warn children, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to protect one's children from life. Therefore, it might be essential that one might prepare them for it."
Those who might seek to prepare children, might appreciate these words:   
"Betrayal might be common for those with no conscience."    
Those who might seek to prepare for such betrayal, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to distrust each other. It might be the only defense against betrayal."   
Those who might be tempted remain in such distrust, might appreciate these words:   
"No low trust society might ever produce sustained innovation."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:    
"Mistrust might not be able to create anything new, it might only be able to corrupt and ruin what good forces might have invented or made."
Those who might then seek to sustain such innovation, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith and fear both might demand one to believe in something one might not be able to see. One might have the choice."   
Those who might seek to understand such faith, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be what might have happened to one. One might be what one might have chosen to become."   
Those who might seek to know, what one might be able to choose, might appreciate these words:   
"One might believe in second chances, but one might not believe in third or fourth chances."   
Those who might give second chances easily, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to forgive but do not forget, or one might be hurt again. Forgiving might change the perspectives. Forgetting might lose the lesson."  
Those who might seek to understand such lesson, might appreciate these words:   
"Insanity might be doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:   
"Disappointment might be the gap that exists between expectation and reality."   
Those who might be confronted with such disappointment, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to accept finite disappointment, but one might have to never lose infinite hope."
Those who might seek not to lose such infinite hope, might appreciate these words:   
"Only those who might risk going too far might be able to possibly find out how far one might be able to go."    
Those who might seek to take such risk, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might seek to go fast, one might seek to go alone. If might seek to go far, one might seek to go together."   
Those who might seek to understand why one might go together, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might be to believe what one might not see; the reward of this faith might be to see what one might believe."   
Those who might seek such faith, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might be belief without evidence; coincidentally that might also be the definition of delusion."   
Those who might seek to understand such delusion, might appreciate these words:   
"Mystery might be delightful, but unscientific, since it might depend upon ignorance."   
Those who might seek to understand such ignorance, might appreciate these words:  
"True ignorance might not be the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."   
Those who might seek to acquire the knowledge where such ignorance might lead to, might appreciate these words:   
"Cruelty might come in many forms - ignorance might be one of them."    
Those who might then seek such knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not be able to speak of one's religion, without quoting one's scripture, one might not be able to understand one's religion."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:  
"The truth of the story might be in the details."   
Those who might try to excuse such false details as unimportant, might appreciate these words:  
"Whoever might be careless with the truth in small matters might not be able to be trusted with important matters."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:   
"Accuracy of signal and free flow of information might define sanity in one's epistemology."    
Those who might seek to understand why such accuracy might be important, might appreciate these words:   
"Accuracy might mean something to one. It might be vital to one's sense of values. One might have learned not to trust people who might be inaccurate. Every aviator might know that if mechanics might be inaccurate, aircraft might crash. If pilots might be inaccurate, they might get lost - sometimes even unalived. In one's profession life itself might depend on accuracy."   
Those who might then seek to understand such a detail, might appreciate these words:   
"Some philosophies might be questions that might never be answered, some religions might be answers that might never be questioned."   
Those who might think they might have such answer, which might never be questioned, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not know. One might only be able to guess."   
The first author might seek to express appreciation for all the effort to prevent this document from becoming such a religion. Those who might seek to make such an effort, might appreciate these words:   
"One might accept without questioning that this world might be real and important and worthwhile. This might be faith. Philosophy might be the ongoing questioning of this faith."   
One might understand one reason, why one might to keep questioning such faith through these words:   
"Faith, even when profound, might never be complete. It might have to be endlessly sustained or, at least, preserved from destruction."   
Those who might seek to preserve such faith from such destruction, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might be the art of holding on to things one's reason might have once accepted, in spite of one's changing moods."   
Those who might seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to have faith in one's intuition and listen to one's gut feeling."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"It might be through science that one might prove, but through intuition that one might discover."   
Those who might seek such prove, might appreciate these words:   
"Science might be the business of generating testable hypotheses."   
Those who might seek to generate such testable hypotheses, might appreciate these words:   
"A hypothetical theory might be necessary, as a preliminary step, to reduce the expression of the phenomena to simplicity and order before it might be possible to make any progress in framing an abstractive theory."   
Those who might seek to make such progress, might appreciate these words:   
"An indispensable hypothesis, even though still far from being a guarantee of success, might however be the pursuit of a specific aim, whose lighted beacon, even by initial failures, might not be betrayed."
Those who might seek such indispensable hypothesis, might appreciate the chapter on "curiosity" and these words:   
"Intuition might be a spiritual faculty and might not explain, but simply might point the way."   
Those who might seek to understand such way, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might be synonymous with working hypothesis."   
Those who might seek to understand such working hypothesis, might appreciate these words:   
"One might believe that faith might be a precursor of all of one's ideas. Without faith, there might never have evolved hypothesis, theory, science or mathematics."   
Those whose moods might then be changing, might appreciate these words:   
"Integrity might be keeping a commitment even after circumstances might have changed."    
Those who might seek such integrity, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might mean trying something, giving it a chance to prove itself."   
Those who might seek to prove such faith, might appreciate these words:   
"No amount of experimentation might ever prove one right; a single experiment might prove one wrong."   
Those who might seek to know, what one might seek to to prove wrong, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to eliminate the impossible, and what ever might remain, however improbable, might have to be the truth."   
Those who might seek to know, what might remain, might appreciate these words:   
"Science might be to study the world as it might be, engineering might be to create the world that might never have been."
Those who might seek to know, what world to create, might appreciate these words:   
"One might wish for world peace, but world peace might never be achieved unless one might first establish peace within one's own mind."   
Those who might then seek to establish such peace within one's own mind, might appreciate these words:  
"Nothing might be at last sacred but the integrity of one's own mind."  
Those who might seek such sacredness, might appreciate these words:   
"For some religion, what might be sacred, might be true. For some philosophy, what might be true, might be sacred."   
Those who might seek such truth, might appreciate these words:   
"Unlimited tolerance might have lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If one might extend unlimited tolerance even to those who might be intolerant, if one might not be prepared to defend a tolerant society, then the tolerant might be be destroyed, and tolerance with them. One might therefore seek to claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant."
Those who might seek to recognize such intolerant ones, might appreciate these words:   
"A mistake might only be an error. It might become a mistake when one might fail to correct it."   
Those who might be confronted with those who might fail to correct their error, might appreciate these words:   
"The true measure of any society might be able to be found in how it might treat its most vulnerable members."    
Those who might seek to know, how one might seek to treat such vulnerable members, might appreciate these words:   
"A part of kindness might consist in loving one more than that one might deserve."   
Those who might seek offer such kindness, might appreciate the following warning:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."    
Those who might seek to understand such wisdom, might appreciate chapter on "warriorship" and these words:   
"One might have made a fatal error thinking others might be able to save one."
Those who might then seek to save themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"Those who might not understand history might be doomed to repeat it."   
Those who might seek to understand such history, might appreciate these words:   
"Shame might be the lie someone told one about oneself."
Those who might then seek to know the truth about oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Shame might be the intensely painful feeling or experience of believing that one might be flawed and therefore unworthy of love and belonging."    
Those who might feel such shame, might appreciate these words:   
"Once one might get past the fear of being seen, one might be able to get to the part where one might know one might not be alone."
Those who might still fear to be seen, might appreciate these words:   
"Maturity might be knowing when to be immature."   
Those who might then seek such maturity, might appreciate these words:   
"Maturity might be having the courage to use one's own intelligence."   
Those who might seek to understand such intelligence, might appreciate these words:   
"Intelligence might be the ability to adapt to change."   
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why one might seek to adapt to change, might appreciate these words:   
"Change might be the only constant."   
Those who might be confronted with such a change, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might no longer be able to change a situation – one might be challenged to change oneself."   
Those who might be challenged to change oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Only those who might keep changing might remain loyal to oneself."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Only fools might refuse to change their minds."   
Those who might then seek to change their minds, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might be the courage to confront reality with hope."   
Those who might then seek to confront such reality with such hope, might appreciate the chapter on "hope" and these words:   
"Faith might not be the absence of doubt. It might be belief without proof, not without question."   
Those who might seek question such faith, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to doubt that creed which one might not be able to reduce to practice."   
Those who might seek to reduce the creed of this document to such practice, might appreciate the chapter on "originality" and the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"

