One might find oneself with such a overwhelmed feeling as in:   
"Sometimes one might feel one's whole life might have been one big rejection."    
Those who feel rejected, might appreciate these words:    
"Sometimes rejection in life might be a redirection."    
Those who struggle to accept such redirection, might appreciate these words:   
"Rejection might be an interaction with two sides. It might often say more about those who might be rejecting than those who might have been rejected, and one might seek to not use it as the universal truth and sole judgment of merit."    
Those who might seek to understand what such rejection might be revealing, might appreciate these words:
"Rejection might not mean that one might not be good enough; it might mean the other one might have failed to notice what one might have to offer."   
Those who feel like they have nothing to offer, might appreciate the these words:      
"The greatest form of charity might be to withhold judgement."    
Those who might seek to understand one reason why that might be might appreciate these words:   
"Judgement might be often no more than a confession of ignorance."    
Those who struggle with those who have confessed their ignorance, might appreciate the chapter on "home" and "character".  
Those who then seek to exercise other forms of charity, might appreciate these words:
"As for charity, it might be injurious unless it might help the recipient become independent of it."   
Those who might seek to exercise such charity, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no limit to the amount of good one might be able to do if one might not care who might get the credit."
Those who struggle with those who might not be charitable in such a way, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might no longer be able to change a situation – one might be challenged to change oneself."   
Those who struggle to embrace such challenge, might appreciate these words:   
"Challenges might be opportunities for me to grow. The more one might learn, the more equipped one might be to handle whatever situations might come up."   
Those who then seek to understand, what could be changed about oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Progress might be impossible without change, and those who might not be able to change their minds might not be able to change anything."   
Those who might seek to change one's own mind might appreciate these words:   
"Prejudice might mean literally pre-judgment, the rejection of a contention out of hand, before examining the evidence. Prejudice might be the result of powerful emotions, not of sound reasoning."   
Those who might have to confront such prejudice, might appreciate these words:   
"An objection might not be a rejection; it might be simply a request for more information."   
Those who might not know what do do with that information one might have gained, might appreciate the following piece of wisdom:   
"Knowledge might become wisdom only after it might have been put to good use."   
Those who might seek to understand what "good" might be, might appreciate the chapter on "good". Those who might seek to put their knowledge to good use, might be confronted with such a situation as in:    
"Change might be good, but sometimes leaving things the way they might have always been might be better."   
Those who then seek to improve, might appreciate these words:   
"One might need someone who might give one feedback. That might be how one might improve."   
Those who might seek to understand such improvement might appreciate these words:    
"Without standards, there might be no improvement."   
Those who might seek to set such standards, might appreciate these words:   
"Success might never lower its standard to accommodate one; One might have to raise one's standard to achieve it."   
Those who might seek to raise one's standard, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might be a process. One might seek to improve the quality of the process and one might improve the quality of life itself."   
Those who might seek to understand such process, might appreciate these words:   
"Learning might not be attained by chance, it might have to be sought for with ardor and diligence."   
Those who might seek to be arduous and diligent, might appreciate the following information on feedback:   
"Feedback might function formatively only if the information might be fed back to those who might be learning might be used by them in improving performance."    
Those who might seek such formatively functioning feedback might appreciate the following advice:    
"Receiving feedback might sit at the intersection of these two needs – one's drive to learn and one's longing for acceptance."    
Those who might seek to understand such acceptance, might appreciate these words:    
"Every artist might seek some sort of feedback, because one make art and one might hope others might love it and one might seek to hear if they might love it and what they might love about it."
Those who might be tempted to refuse such acceptance, might appreciate these words:    
"The best feedback might be what one might not want to hear."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to not wanting to hear such feedback through these words:    
"Feedback might be a gift only when it might come from someone who might have earned one's trust."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"A confused mind might be an easy target to misguide."    
Those who might struggle with such confusion, might appreciate these words:    
"The proper end of teaching might be to lead one's students toward autonomy."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The hardest thing one might ever do might be to trust oneself."   
Those who might then seek to trust oneself, might appreciate these words:    
"Every act of self-discipline might increases one's confidence, trust, and belief in oneself and one's abilities."
Those who might then seek such an act of self-discipline, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might hear a voice within one saying one might not be able to do art, then by all means one might seek to make art and that voice might be silenced."
One might understand one reason, why it might work through these words:   
"Building trust might be a process. Trust might result from consistent and predictable interaction over time."
Those who might seek such consistent and predictable interaction, might appreciate the chapter on "originality" and these words:   
"Success might never lower its standard to accommodate one; One might have to raise one's standard to achieve it."   
Those who might be tempted to lower one's standard, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to love oneself enough to never lower one's standards for anyone else."   
Those who might not love oneself enough not to lower one's standards, might appreciate these words:   
"One of the main reasons one might not improve might be that one might not be honest with oneself."
Those who might seek to improve, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to improve what one might not be able to measure."   
Those who might seek to know, what one might seek to measure, might appreciate these words:   
"Every effort might count, no matter how small it might be."   
Those who might seek to understand such effort, might appreciate these words:    
"Whatever one might accept completely might take one to peace, including the acceptance that one might be able to accept, that one might be in resistance."   
Those who feel such resistance, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to change what might not be able to be accepted and one might seek to accept what might not be able to be changed."   
Those who might seek to understand what cannot be changed might appreciate these words:   
"The past might not be able to be changed. The future might yet be in one's power."   
Those who might seek to change the future might appreciate these words:   
"If one might seek to change the future, one might need to change what one might be doing in the present."   
Those who do not know what action of oneself to change might appreciate these words:   
"The past might be behind, one might seek to learn from it. The future might be ahead, one might seek to prepare for it. The present might be here, one might seek to live it."   
Those who might seek to learn might appreciate these words:   
"Learning how to learn might be life's most important skill."   
Those who might seek to learn such a skill might appreciate these words:   
"In learning one might teach, and in teaching one might learn."   
Those who might seek to become such a teacher might appreciate these words:   
"One who might be good at teaching might inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning."   
Those who might be still searching for someone who might be good at teaching, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might observe deeply, everything might be one's teacher."   
Those who might seek to teach, might appreciate the humility in these words:   
"One might not be able to teach anyone anything. One might only be able to make them think."   
Those who might be still struggling with the desire to teach, might appreciate these words:    
"One might talk when one might cease to be at peace with one's thoughts."   
Those who might seek to be at peace with one's own thoughts might appreciate the chapters "peace", "warriorship" and "mission". Those who might seek to make others think, might appreciate the following question:   
"What might one think why or how that could be?"   
Those who might be overwhelmed with such a question, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"



