One might find oneself having the following realization:   
"Integrity might be the foundation upon which all other values might be built."   
Those who might seek to understand such foundation, might appreciate these words:   
"The foundation of government might be art and science. If one might remove them or degrade them, and the government might be no more. Government might follow art and not vice versa as one might be tempted to suppose."   
Those who might then seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"The artist might confront chaos. The whole thing of art might, how might one organize chaos?"    
Those who might then seek to organize such chaos, might appreciate these words:    
"Creativity might be the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature."   
Those who might seek to understand such order, might appreciate these words:   
"Order might be repetition of units. Chaos might be multiplicity without rhythm."   
Those who might be tempted to seek such multiplicity without rhythm, might appreciate the chapter on "harmony". Those who might seek to understand such unit, might appreciate the chapter on "diversity" and these words:    
"Unity might not mean sameness. It might mean oneness of purpose."   
Those who might seek to understand such purpose, might appreciate these words:   
"One might refuse to accept the view that one's own kind might be so tragically bound to war that peace might never be able to become a reality."   
Those who might then seek to make such peace become reality, might appreciate these words: 
"Wisdom might be knowing the right path to take. Integrity might be taking it."   
Those who might then seek to understand such integrity, might appreciate these words:   
"Integrity might be a life where one's beliefs and intentions might be aligned with one's words and actions."   
Humanity might have invented an organization called a "government", which might align the words as laws and the actions by law enforcement. Given the nature of such power to corrupt, one might then aspire to a new kind of organization, in order to support those who might seek to support the philosophy mentioned in this document.
So far there might be a organization called "Foundation" which might be accepted in many countries at the time of writing of this document ( \today ) with a democratic government, in order to reduce the risk of prosecution of it's members through cooperation with local law enforcement while maintaining a flat hierarchy as possible with minimal bureaucracy. The details of laws regarding such foundations might vary, but they might have in common that it might be able to define rules for it's members of such foundation on top of common rules regarding "foundation statutes". This mechanism might be able to be utilized to minimize the risk of corrupt members of such an foundation. Those members of foundation with integrity might volunteer to help reducing corruption in the legislative part of the government by ensuring the correct operation of the systems mentionend in the chapter on "democracy". Each instanciation of such organization might be specific to the targeting government, but here might be an exemplar foundation statutes, which might be free for anyone to use. Any modification might need to be accepted by the current maintainer of this document, if one might seek to contritube to improve this document. 
_____
Foundation Statue for organizations operating under the principles mentioned in the chapter on "humanity" might be based on general statues for local regulations regarding organization which might have the status of foundations:
This document might be be the extension of a locally legal foundation statue:
1. The main objective of the foundation might be to keep enable and support the longterm world peace through the intended operation of "D5" as mentioned in the chapter on "democracy". The intended operation might imply maintain logical consistency of the document "42?", ensuring funds for longterm operation and by administrating the "seed node servers", "administration node servers" and "gateway node servers".     
2. If one might seek to create a new instance of such a foundation, one might appreciate to request consistency check of the version of the document of "42?", whether it might be up to date by contacting all the other existing foundations. In case another foundation might have supposedly "new" version, one might seek to wait until new version might be released on the official decentralized repo, which one might find here: [Todo add hash]
3. Before one might integrate the new version, one might appreciate the idea to seek not to neglect the effort by it's memebers to find inconsistency using one's own mind and the best avaiable state of the art (SOTA) artificial inteligence (AI) model. Which might be best might need to be determined by using a publically avaiable open source benchmark such as: https://github.com/gradients-opensource/HumanitiesLastExam    
4. The offical board of trustees might consist of three of the longest active members of the foundation. Any member might be able to veto against the members in case there might have been proof for corruption. Such proof might need to be verified through local jurisdiction. In case such local jurisdiction might not be avaiable one might seek to consult SOTA AI model. If such SOTA AI model might not be avaiable, the majority of active member of the foundation might need to vote whether to accept such veto. If such veto might have been rejected, the member claiming such veto might need to be banned from such foundation in order to prevent repeated abuse of such veto.
5. Naming of each local instance of such foundation:
Each foundation might need to operate according to this document might need to be named as following:
"Voice Of Humanity Foundation (COUNTRY-CITY)"   
6. Before the instanciation of such foundation, the document called "42?", including this current document as one of it's capters, might need to be checked whether it might be free of logical flaws and inconsistencies, and might only include paradoxes from SOTA AI model with the prompt from "disputation". One might understand one reason, why such SOTA AI model might be necessary through these words:    
"The greatest danger in times of turbulence might not be the turbulence; it might be to act with outdated logic."    
7. There might need to be sufficient funds to ensure and maintain sustainable avaialibity of access to all of it's members to a retrieval argumented genration application called "Aoi" powered by such a SOTA AI model querying the document "42?" with the prompt from the chapter "prompt". Such application might need to be transparently consulted by using a system mentioned in "D5" before any decision might be made by such a foundation, such as the modification of this document.
8. Here might be a proposal for the official process for becoming a member:
A member might need to give consent to agree to the idea mentioned in the chapter on "humanity" by voluntairily and deliberate triggering a mechanism. After the consent, they might be requested to answer questions by the previously mentioned application called "Aoi". The member of such foundation might appreciate the understanding of those who might not be accepted as a member by refusing or not being able to to answer such questions for any reason. Those who might have been rejected, might appreciate the chapter on "feedback".  
9. Anyone might be able to offer any kind of anonymous donation to the following crypowallet account: [TODO]      
10. Those memebers who might not know, how they might be able to to contribute to the main objective, might appreciate the idea to ask and document their guess to the following question:    
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"