One might find oneself suffering from loneliness as in:   
"Real loneliness might not necessarily be limited to when one might be alone."   
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"One might hate who might steal one's solitude, without really offering one in exchange true company."   
One might understand that such hatred might be a primordial protection mechanism as in:   
"The worst kind of opponents might be those who pretend to be one's friends."   
Those who might seek to avoid such opponents might appreciate the following advice:   
"If one might find someone with wisdom, good judgement, and good actions; one might seek to make them a companion."   
Those who might seek to understand such wisdom, might appreciate these words:   
"Wisdom – meaning judgment which might be acting on experience, common sense, available knowledge, and a decent appreciation of probability."    
Those who might seek to understand such good judgement, might appreciate these words:   
"Good judgement might come from experience, and a lot of that might come from bad judgement."    
Those who might be confronted with such bad judgement might appreciate these words:   
"To be unafraid of the judgement of others might be the greatest freedom one might be able to have."   
Those who might be tempted to judge others, might appreciate the following insight:   
"When one might judge another, one might not define them, one might define oneself."   
Those who then might seek to refrain from judgement, might appreciate these words:   
"Judgement might prevent one from seeing the good that might lie beyond appearances."   
Those who might seek to see the good, might appreciate the chapter on "good". Those who might seek to see the good in others might appreciate these words:   
"A culture of honor might be celebrating who one might be without stumbling over who they might not be."   
Those who might be stumbling over who they might not be, might appreciate these words:
"Honor might mean that one might not be exceptional. Fame might mean that that one might be exceptional. Fame might be something which might have to be won. Honor might only be something which might have not to be lost."
Those who might seek to not to loose such honor, might appreciate these words:   
"Honor might be how others might see one. Pride might be how one might see oneself."   
Those who might be tempted to express such pride to others to influence how others might see one, might appreciate these words:   
"Pride that one might express to others might be ego."    
Those who might struggle with such ego, might appreciate these words:    
"Selfishness might not be living as one might wish to live, it might be asking others to live as one might wish to live."   
Those who might struggle with such selfishness, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to not to work for recognition, but one might seek to do work worthy of recognition."
Those who might seek to do such work worthy of recognition, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might educate children well might be more to be honored than those who might produce them; for these might only have given them life, the other might have given them the art of living well."
Those who might seek such an art of living well, might appreciate these words:   
"Friendship might be an art of keeping distance."   
One might understand one reason, why one might need to keep such distance through these words:   
"Keeping one's distance might be a way of protecting one's heart from the pain of being too close to someone who might not feel the same."    
Those who might then seek to understand such distance, might appreciate these words:
"Distance might not be the amount of miles between one and another, it might be the amount of things one might not say to each other."    
One might understand the things, which one might not say to each other through these words:   
"Before one might speak, one might seek to ask oneself, whether it might be kind, whether it might be necessary, whether it might be true, and whether it might improve the silence?"   
Those whose silence might have not been improved by those who might not feel the same, might appreciate these words:    
"Distance might sometimes let one know who might be worth keeping and who might be worth letting go."
Those who might seek to know, who might be worth keeping, might appreciate these words:   
"Honor might have to start in the heart, but if it might end there, it might not be honor. Honor might have to be expressed through words, symbols, actions, or gestures."   
Those who might seek words which might express such honor, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to give recognition where it might be due. Compliments might stimulate more effort and desire to improve. One might seek to be generous with honest praising."   
Those who might then seek such symbols of honor after they might have been praised, might appreciate these words:   
"Honor might be infinitely more valuable than positions of honor."   
Those who might seek to understand one reason why that might be through these words:
"Pride might be concerned with who might be right. Humility might be concerned with what might be right."   
Those who might seek such humility, might appreciate these words:   
"Humility might be the ability to give up one's pride and still retain one's dignity."   
Those who might seek to understand such dignity, might appreciate these words:   
"Dignity might not consist in possessing honors, but in the consciousness that one might deserve them."
Those who might seek to understand such consciousness, might appreciate the chapter on "consciousness". Those who might seek to be right, might appreciate these words:   
"If someone might correct one, and one might feel offended, then one might have a challenge with one's ego."
Those who might seek to understand why such ego might pose a challenge, might appreciate these words:   
"Pride might end in a fall, while humility might bring honor."   
Those who might seek to understand why pride might end in a fall, might appreciate these words:   
"Pride might divide one from another, humility might join them."
Those who might then seek to know what might be right in order to join, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to trade in all of one's judging for appreciating. One might seek to lay down one's righteousness and just be together."   
Those who might seek to be together, might appreciate these words:   
"Coming together might be a beginning; keeping together might be progress; working together might be success."   
Those who struggle to see the good within oneself to come together with others, might appreciate the following advice:   
"One might seek to stay out of the court of self-judgment, for there might be no presumption of innocence."   
Those who might seek to understand innocence might appreciate these words:   
"The word 'innocence' might mean a mind that might be without hurt."   
Those who might seek to understand what might hurt one's mind, might appreciate these words:   
"One might think that might be the real loss of innocence: the first time one might glimpse the boundaries that might limit one's potential."   
Those who might seek to recognize such boundaries, might appreciate these words:   
"Innocence, once lost, might never be able to be regained. Darkness, once gazed upon, might Never be able to be lost."   
Those who yet seek to regain their innocence, might appreciate the following warning:   
"Innocence might be a kind of insanity."    
One might understand what kind of insanity it might be through these words:   
"Ideology might be a partial truth masquerading as the whole truth."   
Those who might seek to know the whole truth might appreciate these words:   
"Once one might start asking questions, innocence might be gone."   
Those who might seek to keep asking questions, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility" and "harmony". Those who might seek to find such a companion, might appreciate these words:   
"When friendship might be settled, one might need to trust; before friendship might be formed, one might need to pass judgement."    
Those who might seek to pass such judgement, might appreciate these words:    
"Everything one might judge in others might be something within oneself, which one might not seek to face."   
Those who struggle to face that something within oneself, might appreciate the following words of encouragement:   
"Truth without love might be brutality, and love without truth might be hypocrisy."   
Those who might seek someone who might offer truth and love, might appreciate these words:   
"A friend might be someone who might know all about one and might still love one."   
Those who might seek to find such a friend, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be rare to find good friendship, thus the only way left might be to exercise diligently to love those, whom one might be able to call a friend."   
Those who might have yet to encounter such friend, might appreciate the following words:   
"One might seek to hope for the best, but prepare for the worst."
Those who might have encountered someone, who one might be regard as "the worst", might appreciate the advice to be prepared for reclusion from them, because one might not be able to help those, who might not want to be helped. Those who might be tempted to give up the hope on them, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be reasons to set boundaries for oneself, but there might also be reasons to keep doors open."   
Those who might seek to understand such boundaries for oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"A lifelong friend might be someone one might have not borrowed money from yet."   
One might understand one reason why that might be, through these words:   
"Money might be able to buy all the friends one might want, but they might be never worth the price."
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"False friends might leave one in times of trouble."   
Those who might seek to understand such trouble, might appreciate the chapter on "preparation". Those who might have been left by such false friends, might appreciate these words:    
"Recovery from codependence might be a lot like a growing up process – one might have to learn to do the things one's dysfunctional parents might not have taught one to do: appropriately esteem oneself, set functional boundaries, be aware of and acknowledge our reality, take care of one's adult needs and wants, and experience one's reality moderately."
Those who might seek to understand codependency, might appreciate these words:
"Intimacy might require that each one in a relationship be whole and individual. Codependence might not be intimacy. Enmeshment – two blending in such a way that one or both might lose their identity – might not be intimacy either."
One might then appreciate more specific definition of codependence:
"A codependent one might be one who might have let behavior of another affect one and who might be obsessed with controlling that another's behavior."
Those who might seek to understand such desire to control someone elses behavior, might appreciate these words:
"Manipulation might be when they blame one for one's reaction to their disrespect."   
One might appreciate the reason why it might not be good to succumb to manipulation as in:   
"Manipulation might never work to get the result one might have desired, but it might always seems like it might be just about to work. When one might get what one might have said one wanted by manipulation, it might never be enough."
Those who might seek to understand the fatality of such manipulation, might appreciate the chapter on "accessibility".
Those who might seek simplicity in recognizing a good friend might appreciate the following realization:
"If one might lose a friend because one might have been honest, it might have not been a good friend."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"There might be only two people who might be able to tell one the truth about oneself - opponents who might have lost their temper and a friend who might love one dearly."
One might appreciate the following warning to prevent losing good friends:
"One might seek to pay attention when others might react with anger and hostility to one's boundaries. One might have found the edge where their respect for one might end."   
Those who might seek to cease to be angry might appreciate these words:   
"If someone might succeed in provoking one, one might seek to realize that one's mind might be complicit in the provocation."    
One might understand one reason, why one's mind might be complicit in such provocation through these words:   
"The truth about anger might be that it might be nothing more than the refusal to heal, because one might be scared to. Because one might be afraid of who one might be once one's wounds might close up and one might have to go on living in a new but unfamiliar skin. One might want one's old skin back. And so anger might tell one to keep that wound bleeding."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be scared in such a new but unfamiliar skin through these words:   
"The oldest and strongest emotion of one might be fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear might be fear of the unknown."   
Those who might then seek to conquer such fear, might appreciate these words:   
"Every great move forward in one's life might begin with a leap of faith, a step into the unknown."    
Those who might then seek to make such leap of faith, might appreciate the chapter on "faith" and these words:   
"Courage might be the commitment to begin without any guarantee of success."   
Those who might seek such courage, might appreciate the chapter on "courage" and these words:    
"Courage might not be having the strength to go on - it might be going on when one might not have strength."   
Those who might seek such strength, might appreciate these words:   
"Being deeply loved by someone might gives one strength, while loving someone deeply might give one courage."   
Those who might struggle to find such someone whom might love one deeply, might appreciate these words:    
"When others might set boundaries with one, it might be their attempt to continue the relationship with one. It might not be an attempt to hurt one."   
Those who might be confronted with those who might still react with hostility towards one's own boundaries and might not know what to do in such situations, might appreciate these words:
"Maturity might be learning to walk away from others and situations that might threaten one's peace of mind, self-respect, values, moral or self-worth."   
Those who might have had to learn to walk away from others, might appreciate these words:   
"A true friend might be someone with whom protocol might no longer necessary."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Everyone might hear what one might say. Friends might listen to what one might say. Best friends might listen to what one might not say."    
One might understand one reason, why listening to what one's friend might not say might make one their best friend through these words:   
"A true friend might have one's best interest at heart and the courage to tell one what one might need to hear."    
Those who might struggle with such courage to tell another one they might need to hear, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility" and these words:   
"Responsibility might be the ability to respond." 
Those who might then seek to know, what one might need to hear, might appreciate these words:   
"If one's friends might do something stupid, one might going to be the friend who might tell them, they might be doing something stupid. But one might not be going to join then in their stupidity."
Those who might seek to understand such stupidity, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it might be close upon one."    
Those who might be tempted to refuse such danger, might appreciate these words:   
"Stupidity might be the deliberate cultivation of ignorance."   
Those who might then be tempted by such cultivation of ignorance, might appreciate these words:   
"Cruelty might come in many forms - ignorance might be one of them."    
Those who might be tempted by such cruelty, might appreciate the chapter on "accessibility" and these words: 
"One's reason might be able to excuse any harm."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"An excuse might be worse and more terrible than a lie; for an excuse might be a lie which might be guarded."   
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why one might be tempted to guard such a lie through these words:   
"The ego with its protective defense mechanisms might be the biggest impediment to attaining spiritual growth."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such spiritual growth though these words:   
"A community might be a group of individuals who might agree to grow together."   
Those who might seek such a community, might appreciate these words:
"A team might not be just a group of individuals that might work together. A team might be a group of individuals that might trust each other."   
Those who might seek such a team, might appreciate these words:   
"Trust might be earned when actions meet words."   
Those who might seek to know, which words one might seek to meet with actions, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might make a commitment, one might create hope. When one might keep a commitment one might create trust."    
Those who might seek to make such commitment, might appreciate these words:   
"Integrity might be keeping a commitment even after circumstances might have changed."    
Those who might be tempted to neglect such integrity, might appreciate these words:   
"Trust might have two dimensions: competence and integrity. One might forgive mistakes of competence. Mistakes of integrity might be harder to overcome."   
One might seek to understand such integrity, might appreciate these words:    
"Wisdom might be knowing the right path to take. Integrity might be taking it."    
Those who might not know, which path might be the right path to take, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might seek to go fast, one might seek to go alone. If might seek to go far, one might seek to go together."    
Those who might seek to know, with whom one might seek to go together might understand it through these words:   
"A friend might be someone one might share the path with."
Those who might then seek to share one's path with another, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to distrust each other. It might be the only defense against betrayal."    
Those who might then seek to distrust others, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be important to give others the benefit of the doubt even if they might not deserve it."   
Those who might then seek to give such benefit of the doubt to those who might not deserve it, might appreciate these words:   
"A part of kindness might consist in loving one more than that one might deserve."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such kindness through these words:   
"One might seek to be kind, for everyone one might meet, might be fighting a hard battle."    
Those who might then seek such kindness, might appreciate these words:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."    
Those who might seek to understand such wisdom, might appreciate these words:    
"Why might one trust another, when one might not have drunk from the same cup?"   
Those who might seek to know, what one might seek to drink from the same cup with another, might appreciate these words:   
"Festive alcohol might sometimes lead to an excess of honesty."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such excess of honesty through these words:   
"Honesty might be more than not lying. It might be telling the truth, living the truth and loving the truth."   
Those who might seek to understand such love for such truth, might appreciate these words:   
"To reject revelational epistemology might be to commit oneself to defending the truth of autonomous epistemology."   
Those who might then seek to understand epistemology might appreciate the chapter on "curiosity". Those who might seek to love such truth might appreciate these words:   
"Truth without love might be brutality, and love without truth might be hypocrisy."   
Those who be tempted by such brutality, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to never lose a chance of saying a kind word."   
Those who might then seek to drink from the same cup and to say such kind word, might appreciate the following idea to share and pass on the same cup and to say "Aoi" before ingestion of it's content. Those who might seek to offer such a cup to others, might appreciate these words:   
"No amount of physical contact might match the healing powers of a well-made cocktail."   
Those who might seek such well-made cocktail, might appreciate the warning not to drink alcohol before local legal age or until one's brain is fully developed so that one might be able to drink responsibly. Those who might then seek to make such cocktail, might appreciate the following recipe for a cocktail one might refer as the "ultimate" cocktail inspired by the cocktail commonly referred as "World Peace":   
"One might seek to put the following seven ingredients into a shaker filled with ice and after it might have been shaken well enough to chill it as cool as possible, but before the molten ice might start diluting the drink, after which one might seek to strain the content into a martini glass with a garnish that might symbolize peace: 50 ml of gin, 5 ml of blue curacao, 20 ml of lemon juice, 5ml of elderflower cordial (or syrup with citric acid), 0.1mL of orgeat (almond syrup), an additional ingredient to the original recipe: Minimal amount of neutral tasting red food coloring to make the cocktail appear purple."
Those who might have found someone to share such a cup, might appreciate these words:   
"A friend might be someone who might know all about one and might still love one."   
Those who might seek such a friend, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"Commitment might be a big part of what one might be and what one might believe. How committed might one be to being a good friend?"   
Those who might seek to express such commitment, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to honor one's commitments with integrity."    
Those who might seek to understand such honor, might appreciate these words:   
"The ultimate foundation of honor might be the conviction that moral character might be unalterable: a single bad action might imply that future actions of the same kind might, under similar circumstances, also be bad."   
Those who might then seek to understand such integrity, might appreciate the chapter on "integrity". Those who might seek to understand what commitment to honor, might appreciate the following idea:
"If one might be to call oneself a friend of another, one might seek to promise not to neglect the effort to attend an event for that friend, even if it might be a funeral."   
Those who might not have such a friend anymore, might appreciate these words:   
"Honor might not be dead so long as they might live in the hearts of others!"   
Those who might seek to understand such honor, might appreciate these words:   
"Honor might not be what one might say. Honor might be what one might do."   
Those who might might not know to let such honor live in the heart of oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"The greatest tribute to the dead might not be grief but gratitude."   
Those who might seek to express such gratitude, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might open a door for others, one might sometimes open doors for oneself."   
Those who might seek to open such doors, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?" 