One might find oneself confronted with such tyrants as in:   
"'For the greater good.' That might have been the excuse of tyrants throughout all time."    
Those who might seek to understand the nature of such excuses, might appreciate these words:   
"An excuse might be worse and more terrible than just lying; for an excuse might be a lie which might be guarded."   
Those who might seek to understand what might be guarding such a lie, might appreciate the these words:   
"One's reason might be able to excuse any violence."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Rationalization might be defined as self-deception by reasoning."   
Those who might then seek to prevent such violence, might appreciate these words:   
"One might choose violence because one might mistake it for happiness, the good one might seek."   
Those who might have been making such mistakes, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not seek to try to excuse one's faults; one might seek to try to correct them."
Those who might seek to try to correct their faults, might appreciate these words:     
"One might seek to commit to stop making excuses. When one might make excuses, one might lie to oneself and continue bad habits."    
Those who might seek to make such commitment, might appreciate these words:   
"One's nature might be inherently violent, and thus goodness might be caused by intentional activity."   
One might understand one reason, why one's nature might be inherently violent through these words:    
"Where the amygdala might aim at the survival of the individual through fear, the mesolimbic reward system centered on the ventral striatum might benefit the survival of the group through motivating cooperation."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author, that so far there might have been no documentation of autonomous lifeforms which might have such mesolimbic reward system without amygdala. Thus such "inherent violence" might be amygdala inducing fear which those with mesolimbic reward system might intentially try to overcome as in:    
"The best way to overcome fear might be to confront the situation of which one might be afraid with equanimity."    
Those who might be tempted to escape such situation and thus risking one's group, might appreciate these words:   
"When confronted with a challenge, the committed one might search for a solution. The undecided one might search for an escape."   
Those who might be tempted to such for such an escape, might appreciate these words:    
"Escape from life might be death."   
Those who might be tempted to seek such death, might appreciate the idea to seek professional help first. Those who might not have access to such professional help, might then appreciate these words:   
"One might be the only creature who might be tempted to refuse to be what one might be."   
One might understand one reason why that might be, through these words:   
"There might be no such thing as freedom of choice unless there might be freedom to refuse."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to refuse one's freedom of choice through these words:    
"Those who might be willing to give up essential liberty to secure a little temporary safety might deserve neither liberty nor safety."    
Those who might seek to understand such liberty, might appreciate these words:   
"Responsibility might be liberty; the more decisions that one might be forced to make alone, the more one might be aware of one's freedom to choose."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be forced to make such decisions alone through these words:    
"One might not be able to protect one's children from life. Therefore, it might be essential that one might prepare them for it."
Those who might be tempted to resent those who might forced to make such decisions alone, might appreciate these words:   
"One might stop being a child when one might realize the world might not be here to cater to one's wants and needs."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to remain a child through these words:    
"Nihilism: any aim might be lacking, any answer to the question 'why' might be lacking."    
One might understand one reason, why one might struggle such nihilism through these words:    
"The absurd might be born of this confrontation between one's need and the unreasonable silence of the world."   
Those who might struggle with such confrontation, might appreciate these words:
"Anger and depression might not be diseases or dysfunctions or anomalies; they might be rational responses to the myriad avoidable disappointments that might begin in a thoroughly irrational hope."   
Those who might seek to understand such irrationality, might appreciate these words:   
"The end point of rationality might be to demonstrate the limits of rationality."    
Those who might then seek to demonstrate such limits of rationality, might appreciate these words:   
"The absurd might depend as much on one as on the world. For the moment, it might be all that might link them together."   
Those who might then seek to understand such link, might appreciate these words:    
"Nihilism might represent the ulitmate logical conclusion of one's great values and ideals - because one might have to experience nihilism before one might be able to find out what values these 'values' really had. One might require sometimes new values."
Those who might then seek such new values other than such nihilism, might appreciate these words:   
"As long as one might be still alive, one might have the chance to start again."   
Those who might seek such a chance to start again, might appreciate the following wisdom:   
"One's life might not get better by chance, it might get better by change."   
Those who might seek such a change, might then appreciate these words:    
"The curious paradox might be that when one might accept oneself just one might be, then one might be able to change."   
Those who might be curious to resolve such paradox, might appreciate the following explaination:    
"When one might accept oneself, one might be freed from the burden of needing others to accept one."    
Those who might struggle to accept themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"One might be learning to accept everything about oneself, even the part of one that might struggle to accept everything about oneself."    
One might understand one part of one, which one might struggle to accept through these words:    
"If one might deny one's shadow it might become one's tyrant."   
Those who might seek to understand such shadow, might appreciate these words:   
"The shadow might be a moral trouble that might challenge the whole ego-personality, for no one might be able to become conscious of the shadow without considerable moral effort. To become conscious of it might involve recognizing the dark aspects of the personality as present and real. This act might be the essential condition for any kind of self-knowledge, and it therefore, as a rule, might meet with considerable resistance. Indeed, self-knowledge as a psychotherapuetic measure frequently might require much painstaking work extending over a long period of time."
Those who might still struggle to accept such shadow, might appreciate these words:   
"One might either define the moment or the moment might define one."    
Those who might have been defined by such a moment of struggle, might appreciate these words:    
"Until death all defeat might be psychological."   
Those who might be still alive, might then appreciate the following realization:   
"Death might not be the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss might be what dies inside one while one might live."   
For those who might feel like something might have died inside oneself, might appreciate the these words:    
"One might think life might be an irrational obsession."     
Those who might seek to understand such irrational obsession, might appreciate these words:   
"Might there be a word more passionate than passion? Obsession, total immersion, the feeling that everything else might not matter." 
Those who might seek to understand such passion, might appreciate these words:
"Love might be deepest driving passion of a purposeful life."
Those who might then seek such passion, might appreciate these words:    
"Passion might begin with intrinsically enjoying what one might do."
Those who might not be able to find anything to enjoy, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek not to think slightly of the paradoxical; for the paradox might be the source of the thinker's passion."   
Those who might seek to understand such paradox, might appreciate these words:   
"Transcendence might mean going beyond duality. Attachment might mean remaining within duality."   
Those who might then seek such transcendence, might appreciate the chapter on "transcendence" and these words:   
"It might be a paradox of the true spiritual path, but the more conscious one might become of what might limit one, the more limitless one's life might become."   
Those who might then seek such a limitless life, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek not to wait for everything to be perfect before one might decide to enjoy one's life."
Those who might still be waiting for everything to be perfect, might appreciate these words:
"While one might desire, one might not enjoy; and with enjoyment desire might cease."
Those who might struggle with attachment to such desire, might appreciate these words:
"Everyone might desire love but might also find it impossible to believe that one might deserve it."
Those who might seek to believe that one might deserve love, might appreciate these words:
"One might deserve the love one might keep trying to give everyone else."
Those who might not have received such love which one might have deserved, might appreciate these words:
"The love and attention one might have always thought one wanted from someone else might be the love and attention one might first need to give to oneself."    
Those who might seek to give such love to oneself,might appreciate these words:
"Art might be to console those who might be broken by life."    
Those who might seek such consolation, might appreciate these words:    
"In order to console one in one's sufferings, one might seek to point out all the good one might still be able to do."  
Those who might seek to point out all such good one might still be able to do, might appreciate these words:   
"Expressing might be self-discovery. Every good artist might express what one might be."
Those who might seek to know, what one might be, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be an artist at living - one's work of art might be one's life."    
Those who might seek to be such an artist at living, might appreciate these words:   
"Every day might not be good, but there might be something good in every day."
Those who might seek to understand such good in everyday, might appreciate these words:   
"Healing might be an art. It might take time, it might take practive, it might take love."
Those who might seek such healing, might appreciate these words:   
"Healing might not mean the damage might never have existed. It might mean the damage might longer control one's live."   
Those who might seek to stop letting such damage control one's life, might appreciate these words:    
"One might not be what has happened to one. One might be what one might choose to become."   
Those who might seek to know what one might be able to choose to become, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to define oneself by what one might love."   
Those who might not know, what they might love, might appreciate these words:    
"If one might have the ability to love, one might seek to love oneself first."    
Those who might seek to understand their ability to love, might appreciate these words:   
"To love might be to live on the precipice."   
Those who might seek to understand such precipice, might appreciate these words:    
"Life might begin at the edge of one's fears."   
Those who might seek to overcome such fear, might appreciate these words:
"Thinking might not overcome fear, but action might."   
Those who might seek to understand such action, might appreciate these words:   
"Grit might depend on a different kind of hope. It might rest on the expectation that one's own efforts might improve one's future. 'One might have a feeling tomorrow might be better' might be different from 'one might resolve to make tomorrow better.'"    
Those who might seek to make their tomorrow better, might appreciate the idea to define every moment of their own life including one's future as "good". Those who might have then defined their own life as good, might appreciate these words:    
"Healing oneself might be connected with healing others."     
Those who might seek to heal others, might appreciate these words:   
"True artist might not be one who might be inspired, but one who might inspire others."   
Those who might seek to inspire others, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"   