One might find oneself seeking to contribute to this document. Those might appreciate the following list of guidelines, one might need to follow, if one might seek to contribute to this document:   
1. One might appreciate the freedom to propose any words in order to preserve freedom of speech. But those might appreciate the idea to be considerate of those, who might feel hurt by such words as in:   
"Truth without love might be brutality, and love without truth might be hypocrisy."   
Those who might then seek such truth with such love, might appreciate these words:   
"The highest form of love might be consideration."   
The author might appreciate all the effort to reformulate to be free from any language which might lead to any discrimination, whether intended or unintended.    
2. One might seek not to neglect the effort to research about the historical or political context of quotes, which might not be able to be recognized as harmful by the SOTA AI model used for consistency check to reduce the risk of inconsistency. 
3. Quotes with attribution to an specific entity, to avoid unintended conflict of ownership claims and allegations.    
4. Quotes without explanation of causality in a scientific way, to avoid prophetic predictions.   
5. Quotes with definitive statements, which might claim to be absolute truth, to prevent this project from abuse with ideologic intentions, such as a cult or sect.   
6. Quotes which might be contradicting with words already included in this document, to maintain the argumentative integrity and coherence of the content. If one might think that their suggestion for a quote might be an improvement to this document, all the efforts to explain the inconsistency might be appreciated.   
7. Any kind of advertisement for personal gain.   
8. Every chapter might need to begin with: "One might find oneself...."   
9. Every chapter might need to reference "love".   
10. Every chapter might need to reference the word "art" or "artist" with the word of the title .   
11. Every chapter might need to contain plausible and comprehendible explanation form the beginning to the end.   
12. Every chapter might need to contain a point at which one might need to confront oneself or be confronted by the world.   
13. Every chapter might need to avoid using the same quote within that chapter.   
14. Every chapter might need to be free of contradiction of the current state of the art science.   
15. Every chapter might need to contain a sentence with the word from the title of that chapter and the word "art" or "artist" in it.   
16. The title for each chapter might need to be a inquiry for something good.   
16. One might seek to use the word "opponent" instead of "enemy".    
17. One might seek to use the word "challenge" or "trouble" instead of "problem".   
18. One might seek to use the word "violence", "harmful", risk for harm", "mistrust" or "dangerous" instead of "evil".    
19. One might seek to replace the word of a specific art form with the word "art" to keep the document as abstract as possible.   
20. One might seek to keep this document free from typo or grammatical errors.   
21. One might seek to use the word "seek" instead of "want", except in cases to intentionally express desire.
22. One might seek not to neglect the effort to avoid using neologisms and abbreviations which might not be suitable for machine translation in the title name.
23. One might seek not to use the word "true" as an adjective, but rather replace it with "ultimate", since truth might be unattainable and thus one might only hypothesize about the ultimate version of one's idea.    
24. Every chapter might need to end with: "How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"   

