One might find oneself lying to others as in:   
"When one might be penalized for honesty one might learn to lie."   
Those who might be tempted to continue to lie, might appreciate these words:   
"Every lie might be two lies, the lie one might tell others and the lie one might tell oneself to justify it."   
Those who might be tempted to tell oneself such a lie, might appreciate these words:    
"Self-deception might be the opponent of wholeness because it might prevent one from seeing oneself as one might really be. It might cover up one's lack of growth and keep one from coming to terms with one's real personalities."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to come to terms with one's real personalities through these words:   
"Inner peace might begin the moment one might choose not to allow others to control one's emotions."   
Those who might struggle to make such choice, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be not what happened to oneself, one might be what one might have choosen to become."   
Those who might then seek to make such a choice not to let others control one's emotions, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness might not be something one might do for others. It might be something one might do for oneself to move on."   
Those who might then seek to forgive others, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to forgive but do not forget, or one might be hurt again. Forgiving might change the perspectives. Forgetting might lose the lesson."   
Those who might seek to understand such lesson, might appreciate these words:   
"A punishment might not be self-explanatory. It might serve no purpose until those who might be serving it might know the real reason for being punished."   
Those who might then seek to understand such reason why one might have been punished for one's honesty, might appreciate these words:   
"Truth without love might be brutality, and love without truth might be hypocrisy." 
Those who might be tempted by such truth without love, might appreciate these words:   
"Complete honesty might have nothing to do with 'purity' or naivety. The full truth might be unattainable to naivety, and the completely honest artist might not be pure in heart."   
Those who might struggle such naivity, might appreciate these words:   
"Naive ones might be, more or less by definition, unaware that they might be naive."  
Those who might then seek to become aware of one's naivity, might appreciate these words:   
"One's nature might be inherently harmful, and thus goodness might be caused by intentional activity."   
Those who might seek to do such intentional activity, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be naive questions, tedious questions, ill-phrased questions, questions put after inadequate self-criticism. But every question might be a effort to understand the world. There might be no such thing as a dumb question."   
Those who might then seek to understand why one might have been punish for such brutality, might appreciate these words:   
"Discipline of others might not be punishment. One might discipline to help, to improve, to correct, to prevent, not to humiliate, or retaliate."   
Those who might seek to know, what one might have sought to prevent, might appreciate these words:
"If one might love someone, one might do anything to prevent their death."    
Those who might struggle to understand why others might love one, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might only grow by sharing. One might only have more for oneself by giving it away to others."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to grow such love through these words:   
"A life without love, no matter how many other things one might have, might be an empty, meaningless one."   
Those who might be tempted by such a meaningless life, might appreciate the chapter on "meaning" and these words:   
"One might not be able to stand a meaningless life."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:   
"Pain might only be bearable if one might know that such pain might end, not if one denies such pain might exist."  
Those who might seek to know, when such pain might end, might appreciate these words:    
"Pain might be inevitable. Suffering might be optional."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:   
"Suffering might cease to be suffering at the moment it might find a meaning." 
Those who might then seek such a meaning, might appreciate these words:    
"Life might have meaning only if one might do what might meaningful to one."    
Those who might not be able to find something meaningful to do, might appreciate these words:   
"If there might be meaning in life at all, then there might have to be meaning in suffering."   
Those who might then seek to give their suffering such a meaning, might appreciate these words:   
"The meaning of one's life might be to help others find meaning in theirs."   
Those who might then seek to help others find such meaning in theirs, might appreciate these words:   
"The literal meaning of life might be whatever one might be doing that might prevent one from unaliving oneself."   
Those who might then seek to prevent others from unaliving themselves, might appreciate these words:   
"Conformity might be the only virtue and anyone who might refuse to conform might have to pay the penalty."   
Those who might be tempted to refuse to comform, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be free to make one's own choices, but one might not be free to choose the consequences."    
Those who might seek to understand such consequences, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be able to ignore reality, but one might not be able to ignore the consequences of ignoring reality."   
Those who might be tempted to attempt to try ignoring such consequences, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have three ways of acting wisely. First, on meditation; that might be the noblest. Secondly, on imitation; that might be the easiest. Thirdly, on experience; that might be the bitterest."   
Those who might be tempted to underestimate such bitter experience, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be so many worse things than death. Not to be loved or not to be able to love: that might be worse."   
Those who might not have been loved, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to learn to love oneself first, instead of loving the idea of being loved by someone else."   
Those who might think they might then seek to love oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"A coward one might be incapable of exhibiting love; it might be the prerogative of the brave."    
One might understand why one might be such a coward through these words:   
"A coward one might not be one who might feel fear. A coward might be one who might volunteer others for suffering one might not take on oneself."   
Those who might be tempted to volunteer others for such suffering one might not take on oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Selfishness might not be living as one might wish to live, it might be asking others to live as one might wish to live."   
Those who might be tempted by such selfishness, might appreciate these words:    
"The only sin might be selfishness."   
Those who might be tempted to commit such sin, might appreciate these words:   
"Selfish ones might be incapable of loving others, but they might not be capable of loving themselves either."   
Those who might then seek to love oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One might accept the love one might think one might deserve."   
Those who might think that one might not deserve such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might deserve love the least, might need it the most."   
Those who might seek to meet such need of oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Every criticism, judgment, diagnosis, and expression of anger might be the tragic expression of an unmet need."   
Those who might seek to understand such unmet need of oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more precious in one's world than the feeling of being wanted."   
Those who might seek such feeling of being wanted, might appreciate these words:   
"A part of kindness might consist in loving someone more than that someone might deserve."   
Those who might seek such kindness, might appreciate these words:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."    
Those who might seek to understand such wisdom, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might benefit from unearned privilege might be too often quick to discount those who might have not benefitted from such unearned privilege."
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Entitlement might be the belief that one might be exempt from responsibility and one might be owed special treatment."  
Those who might be tempted by such belief that one might be owed special treatment, might appreciate these words:   
"But as long as one might continue to use one's misfortune to one's advantage in order to be 'special', one might always need that misfortune."    
Those who might seek to understand such misfortune, might appreciate these words:   
"The misfortune of one might be that one might have once been a child."    
One might understand one reason, why being a child might be a misfortune through these words:   
"Most survivors might have grown up too fast. Their vulnerable child-selves might have gotten lost in the need to protect themselves. Reclaiming the inner child might be part of the healing process. Often the inner child might hold information and feelings for the adult. Some of these feelings might be painful; others might actually be fun. The child might hold the playfulness and innocence the adult might have had to bury."
Those who might then seek to such healing, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness might offer the possibility of two types of peace: peace of one's own mind – the potential healing of old emotional wounds, and peace with others – the possibility of new, more gratifying relationships in the future."   
Those who might seek such peace of one's own mind, might appreciate these words:   
"Peace of mind might be attained not by ignoring problems but by solving them."   
Those who might be tempted to ignore such problems, might appreciate these words:   
"Insanity might be doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."   
Those who might be tempted to perpetuate such insanity, might appreciate these words:   
"One's time might be limited and some opportunities might never repeat themselves."   
Those who might struggle to understand the value of such time and opportunity, might appreciate these words:   
"Time might be free, but it might be priceless. One might not be able to own it, but one might be able to use it. One might not be able to retain it, but one might be able to spend it. Once one might have lost such time one might never be able to get it back."   
Those who might then seek to get such time back, might appreciate these words:   
"Regret might be a tough but fair teacher. To live without regret might be to believe one might have nothing to learn, no amends to make, and no opportunity to be braver with one's life."   
Those who might believe one might have nothing to learn, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be hubris to think that the way one might see things might be everything there might be."    
Those who might be confrontet with such hubris, might appreciate these words:   
"Hubris itself might not let one be an artist."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to understand one's own hubris through these words:   
"Hubris might be the antithesis of wisdom; therefore, one might seek to be especially concered to understand hubris as well as one might be able to understand."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be succeptable to such hubris through these words:   
"Rationalization might be defined as self-deception by reasoning."    
Those who might seek to stop such rationalization, might appreciate these words:   
"The greatest warriors might be the ones who might fight for peace."   
Those who might seek to fight for such peace, might appreciate these words:   
"Peace might not be absence of conflict, it might be the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means."   
Those who might seek to handle such conflict with those who might lease deserve life by peaceful means, might appreciate these words:   
"It might not enough to win a war; it might be more important to organize the peace."   
Those who might seek to organize such peace, might appreciate these words:    
"Safety might not be the absence of events; safety might be the presence of defenses."   
Those who might seek to understand such defenses, might appreciate the chapter on "protection" and these words:   
"Art might be one's defense against hysteria and death."    
Those who might then seek such art, might appreciate these words:    
"The ultimate aim of martial arts might be not having to use them."    
Those who might have to use such martial arts, might appreciate these words:   
"Legitimate use of violence can only be that which might be required in self-defense."   
Those who might seek to understand such self-defense, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-defense might not just be a set of techniques; it might be a state of mind, and it might begin with the belief that one might be worth defending."   
Those who might to belief that one might be worth defending, might appreciate these words:   
"One's value might not decrease based on someone's inability to see one's worth."   
Those who might be unable to see one's worth, might appreciate these words:   
"The absurd might depend as much on one as on the world. For the moment, it might be all that might link them together."   
Those who might seek to understand such absurd, might appreciate these words:   
"The absurd might be born of this confrontation between one's need and the unreasonable silence of the world."   
Those who might be tempted to avoid such confrontation, might appreciate these words:    
"If one might deny one's shadow it might become one's tyrant."   
Those who might seek to understand such tyrant, might appreciate these words:   
"Tyrants might claim freedom to kill freedom of others, and yet they might keep it for themselves."    
Those who might be tempted to kill freedom of others, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might deny freedom to others might not deserve it for themselves."    
Those who might then seek to deserve such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"Freedom might never be more than one generation away from extinction. One might have not passed it to one's children through one's genes. It might have to be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same."    
Those who might have not been able to hand on such freedom to one's children, might appreciate these words:    
"Nothing might make one feel more powerless than failing a child."   
Those who might then feel such powerlessness, might appreciate these words:   
"The only way to deal with an unfree world might be to become so absolutely free that one's very existence might be an act of rebellion."   
Those who might seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to think freely and might seek to not accept everything one might hear as truth. One might seek to be critical and evaluate what one might believe in."
Those who might seek to be critical, might appreciate these words:      
"Philosophy might begin with wonder."   
Those who might wonder where it might lead to, might appreciate these words:   
"Every science might begin as philosophy and might end as art."   
Those who might seek to to understand, why that might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be the expression of imagination, not the reproduction of reality."   
Those who might seek to understand such imagination might appreciate these words:   
"One might believe in intuition and inspiration. Imagination might be more important than knowledge. For knowledge might be limited, whereas imagination might embrace the entire world, which might be stimulating progress, which might give birth to evolution."   
Those who might seek such progress, might appreciate the english phrase "state of the art" referring to the state of the latest technological development, which might be originating in the latin expression "lege artis", which might be to do everying in one's life in general according to the standardized set of rules. Those who might seek such rules appreciate the chapter on "originality" and these words:   
"Success might never lower its standard to accommodate one; One might have to raise one's standards to achieve it."   
Those who might be tempted to lower one's standards for others, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to love oneself enough to never lower one's standards for anyone else."   
Those who might then seek to love oneself enough, might appreciate these words:   
"To be good might be to be in harmony with oneself. Discord might be to be forced to be in harmony with others."   
Those who might struggle with such discord, might appreciate these words:   
"The antidote to anger might be tenderness, and the antidote to discord might be reconciliation."   
Those who might seek to reconcile, might appreciate these words:   
"Reconciliation might be realized when one might come together with another and understand that what they might share might unite them and that what might be different about them might need to be respected."   
Those who might seek to respect such difference of others, might appreciate these words:   
"The essence of synergy might be to value differences to respect them, to build on strengths, to compensate for weaknesses."   
Those who might seek to understand such synergy, might appreciate these words:   
"Synergy might be the bonus that might be achieved when one might work together harmoniously."    
Those who might struggle to work together harmoniously, might appreciate these words:   
"Transparency might seed collaboration."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Trust might be built when someone might be vulnable and not taken advantage of."    
Thoes who might seek to understand such vulnability, might appreciate these words:   
"Honesty and transparency might make one vulnerable."    
Those who might struggle to be vulnable, might appreciate these words:   
"High standards might protect one from low quality experiences."   
Those who might seek to set such high standards, might appreciate these words:   
"Hypocrites might be those who might apply to others the standards that they might refuse to accept for themselves."   
Those who mgiht then seek to accept such standards for oneself, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to love oneself enough to never lower one's standards for anyone else."    
Those who might seek to love oneself, might appreacia tethes words:   
"When one might make a commitment, one might create hope. When one might keep a commitment one might create trust."   
Those who might seek to keep such a commitment to oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"All pressure might be self-inflicted. It might be what one might make of it or how one might let it rub off on oneself."
Those who might seek to understand why one might inflict such pressure to oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"The ego's job might be to unalive everything but itself."   
One might understand one reason, why such ego got such a job through these words:    
"Success might breed complacency. Complacency might breed failure. Only the paranoid might survive."   
Those who might have been surving, might appreciate these words:   
"If one's ego might be hurt one might become angry. Understand that ego itself might be a disease. One might seek to dissolve one's ego as far as possible. If one might have inferiority complex, or have a very deficient ego one might loose one's temper very easily."   
Those who might struggle with such anger, mgiht appreciate these words:   
"Anger might be the ego's way of cloaking fear to make what might be frail seem formidable."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to seem formidable through these words:   
"One might maintain the peace through one's strength; weakness might only invite aggression."    
Those who might seek to understand such weakness, might appreciate these words:    
"The greatest weakness of all weaknesses might be to fear too much to appear weak."    
Those who might seek to overcome such fear, might appreciate these words:   
"The salvation of one might only be in making everything the concern of all."   
Those who might struggle make one's fear the concern of all, might appreciate these words:   
"Guilt might be anger directed at oneself - at what might have done or have not done. Resentment might be anger directed at others - at what they did or did not do."   
"When one might be offended at any one's fault, one might seek to turn to oneself and study one's own failings. Then one might be able to forget one's anger."   
Those might struggle to study one's own failings, might appreciate these words:    
"Everyone might be guilty of all the good one did not do."   
Those who might not know, what good one might have not done, might appreciate these words:   
"In the age of information, ignorance might be a choice."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to make such a choice through these words:   
"Stupidity might be the deliberate cultivation of ignorance."   
Those who might seek to understand such stupidity, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it might be close upon one."   
Those who might seek to be couragous to understand such danger, might appreciate these words:   
"In a world which might too often be governed by corruption and arrogance, it might be difficult to stay true to one's philosophical and literary principles."   
Those who might seek to understand such principles, might appreciate these words:   
"Principles might be what might allow one to live a life consistent with those values. Principles might connect one's values to one's actions."
Those who might then seek a principle to which one might seek to stay true to, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to act that one's principle of action might safely be made a law for the whole world."   
Those who might seek to understand how one might make such a law for such a world, might appreciate these words:     
"Opinion might rule the world, but in the long run it might be the philosophers who might shape opinion."   
Those who might seek to understand such an opinion which might rule such world, might appreciate these words:   
"Organization might be impossible unless those who might know the laws of harmony might lay the foundation."
Those who might then seek to understand such laws of harmony, might appreciate these words:   
"Harmony might not just be about agreement, but growing together in understanding."    
Those who might then seek to grow together in such understanding, might appreciate these words:    
"Everything one might hear might be an opinion, not a fact. Everything one might see might be a perspective, not the truth."
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"One might not know. One might only be able to guess."   
Those who might be confronted by those who might claim such truth to what they might now, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to avoid those who might say they might know the answer. One might seek to keep the company of those who might be trying to understand the question." 
Those who might be confronted with those who might claim to know the answer, might appreciate these words:    
"When one might be always trying to conform to the norm, one might lose one's uniqueness, which might be the foundation for one's greatness."   
Those who might seek such uniqueness might appreciate the chapter on "originality" and thse words:   
"The reasonable one might adapt oneself to the world; the unreasonable one might persist to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress might depend on the unreasonable one."   
Those who might seek to make such progress, might appreciate these words:   
"Either one might conform one's desires to the truth or one might conform the truth to one's desires."
Those who might be tempted to conform such truth to one's desires, might appreciate these words:   
"Truth might be the first casualty of tyranny."   
Those who might seek to understand such tryranny, might appreciate these words:   
"Authority and power might be two different things: power might be the force by means of which one might be able to oblige others to obey one. Authority might be the right to direct and command, to be listened to or obeyed by others. Authority might request power. Power without authority might be tyranny."
Those who might be tempted to oblige to such tyranny, might appreciate these words:   
"More faults are often committed while one might be trying to oblige than while one might be giving offense."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to give such offence through these words:   
"If one might not sacrifice for what one might want, what one might want might become the sacrifice."   
Those who might not know, what one might want, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-worth might come from one thing - thinking that one might be worthy."   
Those who might then seek to thinkg of themselves being worthy, might appreciate these words:   
"Morality might not the doctrine of how one might make oneself happy, but how one might make oneself worthy of happiness."   
Those who might seek to make oneself worthy of happiness through morality, might appreciate these words:    
"The death penalty might not be about whether someone might deserve to die for the crimes that someone might have commited. The real question of capital punishment might be: 'Might one deserve to unalive?'"   
Those who might be confronted with those who might think that they might deserve to unalive, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to distrust all in whom the impulse to punish might be powerful."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to distrust them through these words:   
"A clear conscience might be a sure sign of a bad memory."  
Those who might be confrontent with those with a bad memory, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to forgive but do not forget, or one might be hurt again. Forgiving might change the perspectives. Forgetting might lose the lesson."   
Those who might seek to understand such lession, might appreciate these words:    
"One's survival as a species might depend on one's ability to recognize that one's well-being and the well-being of others might be one and the same."   
Those who might be able to recognize that one's well-being and the well-being of others might be one and the same, might appreciate these words:   
"Protecting oneself might be self-defense. Protecting others might be warriorship."   
Those who might seek such warriorship, might appreciate these words:   
"War might be a way to unalive those who might least deserve death, and enrich those who might least deserve life."    
Those who might seek to know, who might least deserve such life, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might fail to timely assert their rights might not be worthy of protection."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Delay might be the deadliest form of denial."   
One might understand one reason, why such delay might be deadly through these words:   
"Everyone might have a deadline, which might be one's own death."   
Those who might not know such deadline of oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to dream as one might live forever, but one might seek to live as if one might die today."   
Those who might seek to live as if one might die today, might appreciate the chapter on "obituary" and these words:   
"Yesterday might be a memory and tomorrow might be a dream. Today might the day to make one's mark — to make a difference."
Those who might seek to make a difference, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might fight a war against a tyrant, who might one unalive? One might unalive the victims of the tyrant."   
Those who might then not know, what to do, might appreciate these words:   
"The pioneers of a warless world might be young ones who might refuse military service."   
One might understand one reason, why one might struggle to become such pioneers through these words:   
"Tradition might be nothing but ancestral peer pressure."   
Those who might be confronted with those with such ancestral peer pressure, might appreciate these words:   
"Every high civilization might decay by forgetting obvious things."   
Those who might seek to remmber such obvious things, might appreciate these words:   
"The oneness of one's own kind might be the basic ethical thread that might hold one's own kind together."   
Those who might then seek to become one as one's own kind, might appreciate these words:    
"The pioneering spirit might be less about thinking up new ideas, as getting rid of dogmas and habits that might hold one captive in thinking."    
Those who might seek to getting rid of such dogmas and habits, might appreciate these words:    
"Ego might mean self-identification with thinking, to be trapped in thought, which might mean to have a mental image of oneself based on thought and emotions. So ego might be there in the absence of a witnessing presence."   
Those who might seek such witnessing presence, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to observe one's thoughts without being lost in one's thoughts to just become mindful of them."
Those who might struggle to become mindful, might appreciate these words:    
"Mindful might be remembering that being alive might be the ultimate gift. When one might know that one might have a limited amount of time, one might be more careful how one might spend it."    
Those who might seek to be more careful how one might spend one's life, might appreciate these words:
"One might have to cherish things in a different way when one might know that one might be running out of time, and if so, one might then be under pressure."   
Those who might then seek to cherish things in a different way, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not make the best decisions under pressure, but one might not be able to make a decision at all when one might not be talking about it."
Those who might then seek to talk about such pressure, might appreciate these words:   
"'Pressure' might be a word that might be misused in one's vocabulary. When one might start thinking of pressure, it might be because one might have started to think of failure."   
Those who might have started to think about such failure, might appreciate these words:   
"Only the unprepared might be overcome by pressure."
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The unprepared mind might not be able to see the outstretched hand of opportunity."   
Those who might then seek to seek such outstretched hand of opportunity, might appreciate these words:   
"A pessimist might see the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist might see the opportunity in every difficulty."   
Those who might seek to understand such opportunity, might appreciate these words:      
"Luck might be what might happen when preparation might meet opportunity."   
Those who might seek to prepare, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to let one's failures refine one, not define one."
Those who might seek to refine oneself, might appreciate these words:  
"Harmony might be refinement; therefore, there might be a fineness of the senses if one might be to appreciate harmony."   
Those who might struggle to appreciate such harmony, might appreciate these words:   
"Thoughts of harmony might allow experiences of harmony."   
Those who might seek such thoughts of harmony, might appreciate these words:   
"Synchronization and strategic alignment might occur when all partiticipants might do their respective parts in harmony to achieve a higher purpose."   
Those who might seek such higher purpose, might appreciate these words:   
"Unity might not mean sameness. It might mean oneness of purpose."   
Those who might seek such oneness of purpose, might appreciate these words:   
"One might refuse to accept the view that one's own kind might be so tragically bound to war that peace might never be able to become a reality."   
Those who might seek to make such peace become reality, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might be able to create harmony in one's own life, this harmony might enter into the vast world."   
Those who might seek to create such harmony, might appreciate these words:   
"Sometimes the path to harmony might be through chaos."   
Those who might seek to understand such chaos, might appreciate these words:   
"What one might call chaos might just be patterns one might have not recognized. What one might call random might just be patterns one might not be able to decipher."
Those who might seek to recognize patterns one might have not recognized yet, might appreciate these words:   
"The challenge might be chaos theory. There might be too many inputs to the formula and even the small ones might matter more than one might think. And one might never be able to measure them precisely enough."   
Those who might be overwhelmed by their lack of recognition of any pattern, might appreciate these words:   
"Nothing might be more paralyzing than the idea of limitless possibilities."    
Those who might seek to escape such state of paralysis, might appreciate these wrods:   
"Art might be the opposite of chaos. Art might be organized chaos."   
Those who might seek to organize such chaos, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might consist of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture might be the frame."   
Those who might seek such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Creativity might be the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature."   
Those who might seek to understand such creativity, might appreciate these words:   
"Creativity might not be a talent. It might be a way of operating."   
Those who might seek to understand such a way of operating, might appreciate these words:   
"Music might create order out of chaos: for rhythm might impose unanimity upon the divergent, melody might impose continuity upon the disjointed, and harmony might impose compatibility upon the incongruous."   
Those who might seek to understand such music, might appreciate these words:  
"Music might act like a magic key, to which the most tightly closed heart might open."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author of this document, that such closed heart might be a figure of speech to represent someone who might refuse to accept others. One might then understand one reason, why it might open such closed heart through these words:   
"Words might make one think. Music might make one feel. A song might make one feel a thought."
Those who might not know, what thought one might seek to make others feel, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more precious in this world than the feeling of being wanted."   
One might understand one reason, why such a feeling might be most precious through these words:   
"It might be nice to feel needed... it might be better to feel wanted."
Those who might seek to feel being wanted, might be struggling as in:   
"One might be afraid one might be mistaken for someone else."   
Those who might seek not to be mistaken for someone else, might appreciate these words:   
"When an honest one might discover being mistaken, that one might either cease being mistaken or cease being honest."
Those who might be tempted to ceace to be honest, might appreciate these words:   
"Being dishonest might not be an innocent mistake. It might be a deliberate act of deception."
Those who might be tempted by such deliberate act of deception, might appreciate these words:   
"The most deadly of all forms of deception might be self-deception, and of all deceived ones the self-deceived might be the least likely to discover the fraud."
Those who might then seek to discover whether one might have been self-deceiving, might appreciate these words:    
"Nothing might be more hostile to a firm grasp on knowledge than self-deception."   
Those who might then seek to protect such knowledge, might appreciate these words:
"Avoidance of self deception might be a matter of integrity not comfort."    
Those who might struggle with such integrity, might appreciate the chapter on "integrity" and these words:   
"One might become friends when one might be able to share each other minds with one another. Anything might be better than being lied to: a real friend might disagree with one openly."
"If one might lose friends because one might have been honest, they might have not been a good friend."   
Those who might then seek to find such a good friend, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to be type of beings whom one might seek to meet."
Those who might then tempted to just being disagreeable, might apppreciate these words:   
"Being a good friend might not mean one might always have all the right words to say. Sometimes it might mean that one might just know when to be a good listener."   
Those who might then seek to cease to be mistaken for someone else, might appreciate these words:   
"The biggest challenge in life might be being oneself in a world trying to make one like everyone else."
Those who might then find themselves in such a challenge, might appreciate these words:   
"Kindness might begin with the understanding that everyone might be struggling."   
Those who might seek to understand such kindness, might appreciate these words:   
"Sometimes it might take only one act of kindness and caring to change someone's life."
Those who might seek to do such act of kindness, might appreciate these words:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."
One might understand one reason, why it might wound through these words:   
"If one might try to feed a predetor, it might reward one by biting one."   
Those who might seek to feed such a predetor, might appreciate these words:   
"Those might be worthless who might know how to receive a favor, but not how to return one."   
Those who might not know, how to return such a favor, might appreciate these words:    
"If one might not be able to return a favor, one might seek to pass it on."   
Those who might refuse to return such a favor, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might show others that one might not care, they might return the favor. One might seek to show others one might care, they might reciprocate."
Those whose care might have not been reciprocated, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to act with kindness but one might seek to not expect gratitude."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"When one might have done a good deed that another might have had the benefit of, why might one need a third reward, praise for having done well or looking for a favor in return?"
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to seek such a praise through these words:
"Those with a fixed mindset might need approval and external validation as a means of reinforcing their internal sense of their fixed traits. Failure might therefore to be feared, because it might 'reveals' the underlying fixed truth of who they might be and so might shatter their identity and sense of value."   
Those who might fear such failure, might appreciate these words:   
"An artist might not be able to fail; it might be a success to be one."   
Those who might seek to be such an artist, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be the art of giving without expecting and receiving without asking."   
Those who might seek to know, what one might seek to give, might appreciate these words:   
"Harmony in love might be the art of giving both space and care."   
Those who might seek such art of giving both space and care, might appreciate these words:   
"The highest form of love might be consideration."   
Those who might not have been fortunate to experience such consideration, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be to console those who might have been broken by life."    
Those who might seek such art, mgiht appreciate these words:   
"The best artists might be the ones that might work the hardest, and if one might work hard enough, one might eventually experience the happy accidents that might be art."   
Those who might seek such art, might appreciate these words:
"Both the art of intuition and the science of analytics might have a role to play in making wise decisions."   
Those who might aspire to make such decisions might appreciate the following definition of intuition:   
"There might come a leap in consciousness, one might call it intuition or what one might, the solution might come to one and might not know how or why. The other thing might be a passion for getting to the core of the problem."   
Those who might seek such passion, might appreciate these words:   
"The key to creating passion in one's life might be to find one's unique talents, and one's special role and purpose in the world."   
Those who might seek to find such passion, might appreciate these words:  
"One might need to train one's intuition – one might need to trust the small voice inside one, which might tell one exactly what to say, what to decide."   
Those who might seek to train one's own intuition, might appreciate these words:   
"Learning to trust one's intuition might be an art form, and like all other art forms, it might take practice to perfect."   
Those who might seek to practice such art form, might appreciate these words:   
"Intuition might be important, knowing what kind of questions to ask."   
Those who might not know what kind of questions to ask, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"   



