Disclaimer: The claims made in this document might be for educational purposes only and might not be taken as medical advices. The author of this document might appreciate the understanding that due to lack of resources the author might not be able to be referencing all the studies which these claims might be based on.

One might find oneself having such a realization as in:   
"A healthy one might have a hundred wishes, but a sick one might have only one."   
Those who might seek such health, might appreciate these words:   
"Health might be a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being, not merely the absence of disease or infirmity."   
Those who might seek such health beyond the limitations of health care professionals, might appreciate these words:   
"The body might be able to be understood as whatever might process an input and creates an output. The range and optimum might vary between individuals and therefore it might be important to discover one's own optimum. Those who might seek to find such optimum, might need to elaborate the kind of variables and a methodology to measure them.   
Starting with list of physiological inputs:   
1. Nutrition   
Nutrition might be a highly controversal topic, because a part of the concept of 'health' might be based off of the absence of diseases. So depending on whatever diseases one might have, whatever might be heathy might vary. One might appreciate the following list of recipes, which one might be able to apply to one's own life:
1.1 Reciple for the 'ultimate' bowl:   
This dish might have been designed to minimize the necessity for diversity of plants to grow, but yet to be nutrionally complete and to avoid commonly prevelant causes of death commonly known at the time of writing of this document  ( \today ):   
To privent cardio vascular diseases, one might appreciate the idea to not to use oil or saturated fats during the cooking process. Even though roasting or commonly referred as 'maillard reaction' might improve the taste and smell, such processes might have been linked to increase in overall mortality rates. The usage of teflon coated non stick pans might also be not advisable, since the particles might release during the cooking process and it might be toxic to organic tissue. Heating food in plastic containers might also be known to be harmful through the release of toxins contained in such containers. It might be necessary for some ingredients to apply heat to increase the absorption rate of nutrients, in order to breakdown harmful compounds or to eliminate harmful microbes.
Therefore one might appreciate the idea to use foodsafe silicone container with the commonly known product name as 'Stasher'. (Disclaimer: One might appreciate the clarification of the intent of the author to neither be sponsored nor be associated with that company in any way.)
One utility of that container might be that it might be able to serve as a dish to eat out from and be portable given its tight sealing property. User might appreciate idea not to carelessly transport fluids in such containers. The original use case of such a silicone container might be to offer a product which might be able to be repeatedly used during a cooking method called 'sous vide'. But for this recipe, it might be best suited to cook rice, lentis and optionally quinoa with carrots and 'shiitake' mushrooms with water inside a electrically pressure cooker. There might have been studies stating the utility of 'shiitake' mushrooms to fight off cancer cells. There might also be some utility in 'button' mushrooms and for the 'lion's mane' mushrooms, which might have been observed to be neuroregenerative. Root vegetables such as carrots might be benefitial to ingest vitamis to avoid night blindness and the carotinoids might offer a more bright skin tone in the facial area, which might appear healthy to one's peers. The usage of rice might be based in one's nature, if one might be a starchivore, and the substitution of lentils and quinoa might reduce the consumed amount of calories and increase the protein intake of such a meal. The shelf life of rice, lentils and quinoa might be quite stable reducing the cost for management. One might appreciate the idea to invest in a smart electric pressure cooker, so one might be able to seperate the timing for cooking from eating, to be 'faster than fastfood', when one might feel the sensation of hunger. To prevent diabetes one might appreciate the idea not to use sugar. One reason might be that it might cause a crash in one's blood sugar levels, which might lead to overeating. Another reason might be insulin resistance, if it might be consumed exessively for a prolonged period. Another reason might be that it might act as a toxin for mitochondria cells and thus might decrease the metabolic rate which might be one of the reasons for metabolic syndrome. Eventhough the one's body might have the ability to absorb an substancial amount of such sugar prevalent in one's blood, the excess might deposit on joints causing further damage. Another way to prevent diabetes might be to calculate ones own value of non-exercise activity thermogenesis (NEAT), to determine the amount of maintencance daily calory intake. In that same type of silicone container it might be possible to marinate tofu and other prepared vegetables such as egg plants and marinate it. Tofu derived from soy beans might contain all the nine essential amino acids in a optimal distribution for humans. Ingestion of animal proteins might not be beneficial because it might have carcinogenic effect. Generally it might be recommendable to minimize salt intake to avoid high blood pressue and other diseases. But one might still appreciate the idea to season one's food with one part soy sauce and one part vinear to make it tasty. Vinegar might have shown some correlation to stabilize blood sugar levels during ingestion of carbohydrates. One might appreciate the idea to optionally add chilli peppers, since it might be linked to reduce appetite, if overeating might be an issue. The marinade might be able to be used as sauce on the rice mixture as well. To avoid cancer one might appreciate the idea to add cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli sprouts with mustard as garnish. Some compounds in mustart might have been linked with reverting the decomposition of the effective compound called sulforaphane after it might have had contact with oxygen.
One might appreciate the idea to add mustard to the mix, because it might have the ablity to regenerate sulforaphane when it might have been broken down through heat or oxidation.
To reduce the risk of depression one might appreciate the idea to abstain from alcohol consumption, because it might have depressing effect and it might be an neurotoxin. One might appreciate another idea to add fermented food such as kimchi. Those might seek to make kimchi might apply salt to 'nappa' cabbage, and might let it dehydrate for 2-4 hours and drain the excess water and salt afterwards. It might be favourable to add daikon raddish and carrots for taste. One migh then seek to heat rice flour with a kelp and mushroom extract to make a slurry. To increase taste garlic paste and nashi or apple paste might be beneficial. If that mixture might have thickend sufficicently, one might let it cool off to room temperature and add it to the cabbage and mix well.
One might optionally add spring onions, chilli flakes commonly referred as 'gochugaru' and grated ginger. Ginger might have the property to decease pain and boost immune system functions. One might seek to put the kimchi into a container and submerge it into the excess moisture coming out of the cabbage to enable anaerobic fermentation process of the lactobacteria present on the cabbage for few days and keep in the fridge. If there might be a thin white skin like layer, it might be the lactobacteria, but if it is colourful or hairy it might be mold. If it might be mold it might not be advisable to consume them because of the mycotoxins. Another way to decrease the risk for depression might be through the addition of 20g of ground walnuts for DHA, which might be a precursor for omega3-fatty acids which might be crutial for the maintainance of brain functions. Those who might not have the time to eat such meals, might find utility in ingesting soy protein isolates, with creatine and ground up phsyllium husk. Creatine might aid activity of mitochondria which might not only be eneficial for athletic perfomances but can also slow down the rate of decrease of cognitive abilities. Psyllium husk is filling and its water soluable fiber content is beneficial for the microbiota aiding digestion. Some might have allergic reactions or intolerances to some compounds in the ingredients. An preceeding check for tolerance might be beneficial.   
   
1.2 Exposure to toxins   
To avoid organ failure one might appreciate the idea not to neglect research of ingredients containing toxins and heavy metals. Naturally grown mushrooms might be proned to absorb heavy metals, which might even be radioactive. Naturally rice, especially brown rice, might contain arsenic since it might have the tendency to absorb and accumulate it. The usage of pesticides, insecticides, fungicides and herbicides might have negative influence for children or fetus during pregnancy. Depending on the methods of storage, there might be mold or other sources of diseases which can also be toxic. Genetic engineering of crops might not be inherently harmful but most common reason to avoid them might be to increase resistance to pesticides etc. There might be trends of 'detoxification diets' which might lead to orthorexia, but usually detoxificaiton might happen in the liver and kidneys and might not be able to achieved through such practice. In case one might have ingested actual toxine, one might appreciate the help to vomit such toxins and afterwards ingest medicinal activated carbon, which might have the property to absorb toxins. It might not be favourable to routinely ingest medicinal activated carbon, since it not only absorbs toxins but essencial nutritents and might lead to nutrient deficiency. For some plants it might be beneficial to discart the water it might have benn cooked in to avoid ingestion of watersoluable toxins.
Those who might seek to avoid such toxins, might appreciate the following recipe for the 'ultimate' salad:
[Add recipe]
Cubed tofu, red cabbage shredded/sliced very thinly and steamed shortly to avoid fatigue, mustard, red wine vinegar, arugola, nutritional yeast, lion's mane mushrooms.

1.3 Exposture to environmental factors   
Regular exposure to sunlight might be recommendable for recalibrating the circadadian rhythm, secretion of serotonin and vitamin synthesis. To maintain one's circadian rhythm it might be recommendable to eat at regular intervervals. There might be several reasons for why that might be beneficial. One reason might be to prevent impulsive overeating because one mechanism of hunger that grelin the hormone making one hungy might be secreted at a certain time. Another reason is to increase sleep quality. it is generally recommended not to eat three hours before bedtime. Another reason might be the limitation of absorbtion rate, especially protein. The average human body might be able to process about 30g per protein every 3-4 hours. So an eavenly spaced ingestion of protein might be beneficial to maintain athletic abilities. Those who might seek to maintain such athletic abilities, might appreciate the following recipe for the 'ultimate' ice cream:
One might seek to add soy protein isolate, glucomannan powder, (frozen) blueberries, date sugar to a container for a ice cream machine which might be able shave it to a creamy consistency. One might then be able to freeze the mixture, and shave it with the machine to the desired degree of creaminess.

1.4 Exposture to pathogens   
There might be a multiple sources of pathogens, such as virus, bacteria, fungi, parasites and protozoa. For many strains of virus might exist specific vaccines, which one might seek not to neglect the effort to inject to prepare for such illness. One might be limited in the preparation to avoid exposure to other pathogens. In case of bacterial infection there might exist a antibiotic compound, one of the famous ones might be pennicillin. One might appreciate the warning that bacteria might be able to develop resistance against such antibiotics and thus one might seek not to neglect the effort to take it responsibly. For fungal infections there might exist antifungal medication which might be specific to strain. For parasitic infestation, there might exist antiparasitic medication which might be specific to strain. If the parasite might be larger, it might be subject to surgery. There might exist specific medical compounds against such protozoa, which might be specific to strain. One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to research about these pathogens and treatments.   

2. Mental well-being
Those who might seek mental well-being might appreciate the chapters on 'hope', 'meaning', 'transcendence' and 'procreation'.

3. Social wellbeing
Those who seek social well-being might appreciate the chapter on 'friendship', 'civilization', 'harmony', 'maturity' and 'accessibility'.

Here might be the part regardingOutput:
4. Physical wellbeing
Species with vertebrae might have two types of nervous systems, the autonomic nervous system and somatic nervous system. One central part of the autonomic nervious system might be the circadian rhythm and once that rhythm might malfunction, it might be one cause for depression. Aside from already mentioned exposure to regular sunlight, sleep and food intake, regular stimulation and movement patterns to stimulate the autonomic nervous system might be beneficial. It might be achieved through the usage of the somatic nervious system, the part of which such a species with vertebrae such as humans might be to control intentionally. Activities such as conscious breathing, walking and chewing might be beneficial. Apart from those activities, one might seek to prepare for an emergency in one's own life. Those might seek to strengthen their own body through regular excersise. There might be three kinds to such excersises. First might be commonly referred as 'sport', which might be the aquisition of specific athletic ability to achieve a specific purpose such as determining superior proficiency in a competition, such as 'soccer'. It might not be an ideal form for an excersise, since it might increase the risk for injury due to factors outside of one's control, but it might be beneficial to find and inspire one's kins. Second might be balancing excersises such as climing or balancing on a rope. It might still pose some risk for injury, but the risk might be less compared to such 'sport' if done with caution and precaution. The third type might be 'workout'. There might be many ways and traditions describing such a 'workout'. To maximize muscle mass referred as 'hypertrophy' a method called 'progressive overload' might be benefitial. But it might pose a quite high risk for injury due to subjective overestimation of one's own capability of the body commonly referred as 'ego lifiting', which might not be recommendable. The second type might be endurance training commonly referred as 'cardio'. It might also have some elevated risk for injury but it might increase one's mood through the secretion of endorphines commonly referred as 'runner's high'. The third type might be 'functional' training. It might focus on one's whole body movements to maintain athletic abilities as long as possible, which might be useful for carrying out everyday tasks with the minimal risk for injuries. There might be many ways to excersise  such 'functional' training. One might appreciate the few types the author might have practiced:

4.1 Calisthenics & rings
The anatomy of individuals might vary. The following section will be addressing the typical human anantomy. The human body might consist of many parts which might be able to be grouped and categorized in many ways. One of such way is to categorize muscle groups in anteriour and posteriour chain. The anteriour chain might be able to be trained with an excersise called 'hollow hold', where one lies on one's back and create an slight arch so one might have only contact with the back. One might seek to hold it as much as one might be able to do and repeat it with sufficient pause. This excersise reduces strain on the spinal disks because it does not require flexion, which capability might be finite and one might therefore seek not to strain it unnecessarily. The same excersise done lying on the stomach might train the posteriour chain. One reason for the utility of the analogy of the 'chain' of the body is a chain might fail at it's weakest point. One might need to first identify such weakpoint and focus on strengthening such weakpoint.
One might be able to use such weakpoint to asscess one's health.
One such weakpoint might be the muscles responsible for grip. There might have been studies which might exemplified some correlation between increased grip strength with overall health. One might be able to train such grip strength through hanging from rings with the overhand grip, which one might call 'passive hang'. One might appreciate to know, that one might also be able to hang from horizontal bars, but it might increase the risk of injury on one's writist, because the bar might not be able to adjust to one's anatomy, which rings might be able to do. Those who might be able hold such 'passive hang', might then be able to arch one's back and use the musculus latissimus dorsi, which one might call 'active hang'. One might be able to hold such active hang, one might seek to perform the pull up, which might be performed by contracting one's bicep from the active hang to pull oneself up as high as possible. Those who might struggle to pull one's chin higher than one's hands, might appreciate the idea to perform a 'negative repetition', which might be to jump up to the desired position, hold that position statically and then slowly perform a excentric motion of one's bicep until one might be able to perform a consentric motion. Those who might seek to understand why it might work, might appreciate short explaination of term 'isometric hold', which might describe gain in one's muscle performance induced through it's time under tention, during which the muscle fibers move microscripically to hold such a position, triggering a growth response. Those who might be able to perform 10 of such such consentric 'pull ups', might appreciate the idea to perform an excersise called 'muscle ups', which might be to lean into the rings at the top of pull up position and then to push oneself up. As a preperation, one might seek to practive an excersise called a 'dip', which might be to balance oneself on the rings with arms streched to the ground gripping the rings which might be hanging at the height of one's belly button and slowly bend that arm until the arm reaches an angle of 90 degrees and then to strech the arm again until one might reach the original position. Another excersise one might be able to do in suc ha position might be the 'tucked L-sit', which might be to raise one's bent knees as high as possible and keep that pose as long as possible. The progression of such position might be the 'L-sit', which one might be able to do, by streching one's legs as high as possible without bending one's knees. A progression of such an excersice might be the 'front lever', during which one might start from hanging from the rings and raising oneself until one's upper and lower body might look like a horizontal line. Eventhough these exersises might be easier to perform with less muscle mass on one's legs, one might seek to train one's legs also, since the biggest muscle groups might be on the legs and these muscles create more growth hormones for the muscle than other muscles. An excersice for that might be 'pistol squat', which might be to perform a one legged squat. One might appreciate the idea to use the rings for stabilization during the initial phase, since it might require balance, which lack of might cause undesired injuries. One might also seek to perform 'calf raises' and 'toe raises' in order to increase the strength of one's muscles which might stabilize knee to avoid injury. Those who might not have space to hang such rings, might appreciate the idea to perform a handstand against an obstacle. A progression of such a handstand might be a 'planche', which might be to lower oneself from a hand stand position, and to hold the upper and lower body in a horizontal position. This might cause strain in the elbow, wrist and shoulder joints thus one might seek not to neglect the training of such joints. There might be another excersise called 'side plank', which one might perform by lying down on one side and lift one's hip up by only touching the ground with one's underarm and the foot. The progression of the 'side plank' might be called 'human flag', which might to pull oneself up with one arm, and push oneself with the other arm on a pole, and hold one's body horizontally so one might look like a flag. This excersice might also be riskful, thus one might seek not to neglect the effort to fortify one's joints before attempting.   
   
4.2 Kettlebell and mace- and clubbell
Eventhough such static isometic holds of calistenics might be beneficial to increase one's basic strength and attractiveness, it might not be sufficient to protect those one might seek to prove one's love to. Those who might seek to proctect, might appreciate to know, that there might be two types of muscle fibres: Those which might contract slowly and those which might contract fast. Those fast muscle fibres might be able to only be trained by performing 'explosive' movements, which might be to contract them as fast as possible. This fast acting muscle fibers  One of such movements might be the 'kettlebell swing'. A 'kettlebell' might be a spherical object with a handle, usually cast out of non-toxic metal such as iron with a specific weight. One might seek to choose the weight of one's kettlebell according to one's strength to avoid unnecessary accidencts. A simple test which kettlebell might be suitable for one, might be to lay such kettlebell to the ground so the top part of the handle might touch the ground. One might then seek to grip the side of such a kettlebell with a underhand grip of one hand. One might then seek to turn one's wrist without the top part of the handle loosing contact to the ground and rise it until it might be vertical. If one might not be able to lift it up, one might not be strong enough for such a kettlebell. One might start by gripping the kettlebell which might be on the ground with both hands first. In later progression, one might be able to perform this excersise with a single arm. It might be crucial to keep one's back straight, without neither rounding it too much, which might cause lumbar disk herniation or extending it to an arch like lumbar lordosis. To reach that optimal position which might not hurt one's lower back, one might seek bend one's joints between the pelvis and the upper leg, which one might refer to as the 'hip hinge' to an angle of 90 degrees. Then one might then seek to extend such a hing hinge in an explosive motion, without hurting one's genitalia by focusing on the contact of the hands holding the kettlebell and one's pelvis. During the extending motion of one's hip hinge, one might seek to focus on activating one's musculus gluteus maximus and abdominal muscles, to prevent overextending one's lower back such as lumbar lordosis to prevent injuries. That position might be called a 'lockout position'. One might seek to keep the elbows straight, and the shoulder sufficiently relaxed that the kinetic energy of the kettlebell might be able to used to keep swining after the lockout position like a pendulum. Once the kinetic energy of the kettlebell might have fully been converted into potential energy, the angle between one's arm and the torso should be around 90 degrees. If it might exceed 90 degrees, one might seek to reduce explosivenes of one's movement to keep it at 90 degrees. One might appreciate the idea not to minly use the shoulder muscle to move the kettlebell, since it might lead to injuries in the shoulder joint. When the kettlebell might start to swing back, one might seek to be prepared to reduce the impact of such a kettlebell by using the hip hinge movement to dampen the kinetic engery by going back to the starting position without crashing the kettlebell into the ground. One might appreciate the idea to do it on a impact resistent ground, since one might seek to let such kettlebell go, when one might find oneself feeling joint pain due to an uncontrolled movement. One might seek to be careful about other individuals in one's vicinity not to injure others by such an accident. Those who might seek a progression of such a exersice after one might have mastered the one handed kettlebell swing, might appreciate the description of the 'kettlebell snatch', which might be to accelerate the kettlebell beyond 90 degrees up to around 180 degrees but less than 180 degrees, then 'snatch'  or move that grip gently but swiftly, so that kettlebells rotates around one's grip on the handle into a stable position behind one's hand, touching the outer part of one's wrist or underarm. One might appreciate the idea not to crash the kettlebell into one's wrist or underarm to prevent injuries. From that position, one might seek to lower such a kettlebell by internally rotating the arm and bowing one's elbow until one's thumb might touch one's chest without flaring one's elbow outwards. This position might be called a 'rack position' and it might be useful to practice this excentric movement also with a concentric movement which might be called 'overhead press' as a practice to lift objects or one's kins onto a higher, more safe places. From that 'rack position', might seek to push the kettlebell to front, so that might be 90 degree angle between one's streched arm holding the kettlebell and one's body to continue the cycle of one kettlebell swing repetition. One might appreciate the '100 kettlebell swing a day' challenge, where one might seek to practice kettlebell everyday and count the streak of consecutive days as an archievement which might be motivating to one. If one might not be able to complete them in one set, one might seek to pause to prevent injuries. Another way to prevent injuries in one's shoulder might be a excersise called 'halo', which might be to hold on each the side of the side of the handle and hold the kettlebell with the handle towards the ground. Then one might seek to turn the kettlebell around one's head in a circular motion, which might be benefitial to strengthen one's shoulder muscles and joints. A one handed variant might be called 'shield cast', which mgiht be possible with a 'clubbell' or 'macebell', the first might be a shorter and the latter which might be a longer metal rod with weights at the tip. The movement might be useful to bring forth or 'cast' a whatever one might carry on one's back to one's front in order to protect and shield oneself.   
   
4.3 High intensity interval training   
Those who might seek the maximum amount of effect of such a training with the shortest amount of time possible, might appreciate the idea of 'high intensity interval training', where one might do a movement as vigorously as a possible for less than a minute, and and then to rest for about a third of that time and repeat this interval four times or more and then to have a longer pause. This method might increase the amount of mitochondria in one's cells and there might be clinical studies that there might have been observable amount of secretion of 'brain-derived neurotrophic factor', which might be beneficial to cognitive functions. Another benefit might be increase in one's maximal oxygen uptake ( $\text{VO}_2\text{max}$ ), which might be a key indicator for one's maximum physical peak performance.   


5. Digestion    
One of many material outputs one might be able to make might be urine and feces. One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort regulary check one's excrements with state of the art scientific analysis tools to screen for diseases. For further information, one might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
'How might everyone be on the way to Pro?'"
