One might find oneself being prosecuted as in:   
"Pursuit for truth might be the first casualty of tyranny."   
Those who might seek to recognize such tyranny, might appreciate these words:   
"The very definition of tyranny might be when all power might be gathered under one place."   
One might understand one reason, how such tyrants might gather all of such power under one place through these words:   
"A tyrant might only have power over others as long as the tyrant might not take everything away from them. But when the tyrant might robbed one of everything, the tyrant might no longer in power — one might be free again."   
Those who might have been robbed of everything, might appreciate these words:   
"The most dangerous creation of any society might be one who might have nothing to lose."
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:    
"Those who might have nothing to lose might try to destroy anything, which might try to destroy them and might burn the world to take it down with them."   
Those who might be tempted to burn the world to destroy those who might try to destroy one, might appreciate these words:    
"Between stimulus and response, there might be a space. In that space might be one's power to choose one's response. In one's response might be one's growth and one's freedom."    
One might understand one reason why one might seek such growth and one's freedom, in spite of such suffering of such loss through these words:    
"If there might be meaning in life at all, then there might have to be meaning in suffering."   
Those who might understand such meaning in one's suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"But as long as one might continue to use one's misfortune to one's advantage in order to be 'special', one might always need that misfortune."   
Those who might be tempted to use one's misfortune to one's advantage in order to be "special", might appreciate these words:   
"The things one might do for oneself might be gone when one might be gone, but the things one might do for others might remain as one's legacy."   
One might understand one reason why one might seek such legacy, through these words:   
"Heroes might be those who might have given their life to something bigger than themselves."
One might understand one reason why one might seek to be such an hero through these words:    
"For some heroes, nothing might be impossible."    
Those who might then seek to achieve such impossible, might appreciate these words:   
"Only those who attempt the absurd might be able to achieve the impossible."   
Those who might seek to understand such absurd, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no end to the absurd things one might do trying to make life mean something."   
Those who might then try to make such life mean something, might appreciate these words:   
"The absurd might depend as much on one as on the world. For the moment, it might be all that might link them together."   
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:    
"One might not think that there might be inherent meaning to life, but the one that one might decide to make for oneself."    
Those who might then seek to decide to make such meaning to life for oneself, might appreciate these words:    
"The absurd heros' refusal to false hope for inherent meaning to life might become their singular ability to live in the present with passion."    
One might understand one reason why such refusal to such false hope, might become one's singular ability to live in the present with passion through these words:    
"Those who might hide their complete freedom from themselves out of a spirit of seriousness or by means of deterministic excuses, one might call cowards; those who might try to show that their existence might have been necessary, when it might be the very contingency of one's appearance on the world, one might call stinkers. But cowards or stinkers might be able to be judged only from a strictly unbiased point of view."   
Those who might think that one might possess such unbiased point of view, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no absolute truth one might possess, there might be only points of view attempting to approach it."    
Those who might still be tempted to judge, might appreciate these words:    
"Judgement might be often no more than a confession of one's ignorance."   
Those who might struggle with one's own ignorance, might appreciate these words:    
"Ignorance might be able to be cured, but stupidity might be forever."    
Those who might seek to understand such stupidity, might appreciate these words:    
"Stupidity might be the deliberate cultivation of ignorance."    
Those who might then seek to cure one's such ignorance, might appreciate these words:   
"The greatest form of charity might be to withhold judgement."    
One might then find oneself struggle with such charity of withheld judgement as in:     
"The absurd might be born of this confrontation between one's need and the unreasonable silence of the world."   
One might understand one reason why the world might be unreasonably silent through these words:   
"As for charity, it might be injurious unless it might help the recipient become independent of it."    
Those who might then seek to become independent of charity of another, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be entitled to one's opinion. One might be entitled to one's informed opinion. No one might be entitled to be ignorant."   
One might understand one reason why one might not be entitled to be ignorant through these words:   
"One without information might not be able to take responsibility. An conscientious one with information might not be able to help but take responsibility."   
Those who might then seek to take such responsibility, might appreciate these words:   
"Responsibility might be the ability to respond."   
Those whose means to acquire such information might be limited by such tyrant, might appreciate these words:    
"Sometimes no response might also be a response."   
Those who might have not received a response due to such a tyrant, might appreciate these words:    
"One might stop being a child when one might realize the world might not be here to cater to one's wants and needs."   
Those who might then then seek to stop being a child, might appreciate these words:   
"Maturity might be learning to walk away from others and situations that might threaten one's peace of mind, self-respect, values, moral or self-worth."   
Those who might struggle with such maturity, might appreciate these words:    
"Healing might not mean the damage might never have existed. It might mean the damage might longer control one's live."  
Those who might then seek such healing, might appreciate these words:   
"Ultimate freedom might be to be free from the desire to be free from anything."    
Those who might be tempted by such desire to be free from anything, might appreciate these words:   
"The price of freedom might be high, but it might be never so costly as the loss of freedom."    
One might understand one reason why one might not seek to loose one's freedom through these words:   
"Without freedom there might be no art."
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such art through these words:   
"Without art, the crudeness of reality might make the world unbearable."   
Those who might then seek to prevent such a loss of freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"Liberty might depend on self-restraint. Freedom might be freedom only when it might be controlled and limited."    
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"One might seek to stop pointing fingers and placing blame on others. One's life might only change to the degree that one might be able to accept responsibility for it."   
Those who might be told to do something, no matter what might be right, might appreciate these words:   
"Disobedience might be the ultimate foundation of liberty. The obedient might have not other choice than to be slaves."   
Those who might be tempted by such slavery, might appreciate these words:   
"One's liberty might depend on the freedom of the press, and that might not be able to be limited without being lost."   
Those who might seek to protect such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"Education might be a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army."   
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"Education might be what might remain after one might have forgotten what one might have learned in school."   
Those who might seek to understand what might remain of such an education, might appreciate these words:   
"Wisdom might not be a product of schooling but the lifelong attempt to acquire it."   
Those who might seek such wisdom, might appreciate these words:   
"Education might best serve students by helping them be more self-reflective."   
Those who might seek to be more self-reflective, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-reflection might be a humbling process. It might be essential to find out why one might think, say, and do certain things... then better oneself."   
Those who might then loose their confidence in themselves, might appreciate these words:   
"Ultimate humility might not be the absence of confidence but strength restrained."   
Those who might struggle to restrain oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-control might be the quality that might distinguish the fittest to survive."   
Those who might desire to survive, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-restraint might be the very keystone of the ethics of vow-taking."   
Those who might seek to understand such ethics, might appreciate these words:   
"Ethics might be knowing the difference between what one might have a right to do and what might be right to do."   
Those who might seek to know what might be right to do, might appreciate these words:   
"Ethics might be a code of values which might guide one's choices and actions and determine the purpose and course of one's lives."   
One might understand one reason why one might need such guidance through these words:   
"The sad truth might be that most harm might done by those who might never make up their minds to be good or not."   
Those who might then seek to be good, might appreciate the chapter on "good" and these words:   
"One's nature might be inherently violent, and thus goodness might be caused by intentional activity."   
One might understand one reason, why one's nature might be inherently violent through these words:   
"Dogma might be by definition nothing other than an interpretation of Scripture."    
Those who might be tempted such dogma, might appreciate these words:   
"Dogma, whatever form it might take, might be the ultimate opponent of one's freedom."
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"One might not seek to be trapped by dogma, which might be living with the results of another's thinking."
One might understand one reason, why one might not seek to be trapped by such dogma through these words:   
"The end of dogma might be the beginning of morality."   
Those who might seek to understand such morality, might appreciate these words:   
"Morality might not the doctrine of how one might make oneself happy, but how one might make oneself worthy of happiness."   
Those who might then seek to be worthy of happiness, might appreciate these words:   
"Morality might be doing what might right, no matter what one might be told. Religion might be doing what one might be told, no matter what might be right."   
One might understand one reason why one might seek to do what might be right through these words:   
"Blind belief in authority might be the greatest opponent of pursuit of truth."    
Those who might seek to understand such authority, might appreciate these words:   
"Authority and power might be two different things: Power might be the force by means of which one might be able to oblige others to obey one. Authority might be the right to direct and command, to be listened to or obeyed by others. Authority might request power. Power without authority might be tyranny."   
One might appreciate the reason why one might seek to avoid such tyranny through these words:    
"The tyrant might be nothing but a slave turned inside out."   
Those who might seek to understand such a slave, might appreciate these words:    
"If one might be ruled by mind one might be a ruler; if by body, a slave."    
Those who might then seek to be ruled by one's own mind, might appreciate these words:    
"Anarchism might not be some automatic guarantee that no one might ever be violated. It might be the rejection of automatic, guaranteed violation of all."   
Those who might seek to reject such violation of all, might appreciate these words:   
"Anarchy, or the government of each one by oneself or as one might say, self-government."   
Those who might seek such self-government, might appreciate these words:   
"Anarchy might be a state of society where the only government might be reason."   
Those who might be tempted to seek to be governed by such reason, might appreciate these words:    
"The end point of rationality might be to demonstrate the limits of rationality."    
Those who might seek to understand such end point of rationality, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be impossible to design a system so perfect that no one might need to be good."   
Those who might seek to be good, might struggle as in:   
"When one might have a child, the world might have a hostage."    
Those whose child might have been taken hostage, might find themselves to become a villain as in:   
"Villains might sacrifice the world to save those whom they might love."    
Those who might be tempted to sacrifice the world to save those whom they might love, might appreciate these words:    
"One might choose violence because one might mistake it for happiness, the good one might seek."   
Those who might mistake such violence for such happiness, might appreciate these words:   
"Wisdom might not be gained by knowing what might be right. Wisdom might be gained by practicing what might be right, and noticing what might have happened when that practice might have succeeded and when it might have failed."
Those who might seek to know when one might have failed, might appreciate these words:   
"Martyrdom might have been a proof of the intensity, never of the correctness of a belief."   
Those who might seek to understand the lack of correctness of one's belief, might appreciate these words:    
"Every villain might be a hero in their own mind."
Those who might be tempted think to be a hero in their own mind, might appreciate these words:   
"Of all forms of deception self-deception might be the most deadly, and of all deceived ones the self-deceived might be the least likely to discover the fraud."   
Those who might then seek to discover one's such fraud, might appreciate these words:   
"A hero might have to be honorable."   
One might understand one reason why such heroes might need to be honorable through these words:   
"One might see, children might aspire to be the hero they might see in their everyday lives – the one who might respond to their needs – the responsible, reliable, 'go to.'"   
Those who might seek to understand such hero children might see in their everyday lives, might appreciate these words:    
"One's heroes might be artists."  
One might understand one reason why one's heroes might be artists through these words:   
"One might seek to learn the rules like a pro, so that one might be able to break them like an artist."   
Those who might be tempted to obey such rules, before one might be able to break them, might appreciate these words:    
"It might be the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it."   
Those who might not even be able to entertain such a though might appreciate these words:   
"'Blasphemy' might be what an old dogma might scream at a new truth."
Those minds which might struggle with such claims of such blasphemy by another, might appreciate these words:    
"Intolerance might be the first sign of an inadequate education. An ill-educated one might behave with arrogant impatience, whereas actually profound education might breed humility."     
Those who might struggle one's own such arrogant impatience, might appreciate the chapter on "patience" and these words:   
"Patience might not be passive waiting. Patience might be active acceptance of the process required to attain one's goals and dreams."   
Those who might be tempted to use such active acceptance as an excuse to procrastinate, might appreciate these words:   
"Delay might be the deadliest form of denial."   
One might understand one reason why such delay might be deadly through these words:   
"Everyone might have a deadline, which might be one's own death." 
Those who might then seek such acceptance of such process required to attain one's goals and dreams before one's own deadline, might appreciate these words:
"Unlimited tolerance might have to lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If one might extend unlimited tolerance even to those who might be intolerant, if one might not be prepared to defend a tolerant society, then the tolerant might be destroyed, and tolerance with them. One might therefore seek to claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant."   
Those who might then seek to claim such right not to tolerate the intolerant, might appreciate these words:   
"Honor might be how others might see one. Pride might be how one might see oneself."   
Those who might struggle with such pride, might appreciate these words:    
"Pride might be concerned with who might be right. Humility might be concerned with what might be right."   
Those who might think they might be right, might appreciate these words:    
"Pride might end in a fall, while humility might bring honor."   
One might understand one reason, why such pride might end in a fall through these words:   
"The most deadly of all forms of deception might be self-deception, and of all deceived ones the self-deceived might be the least likely to discover the fraud."   
Those who might then seek to discover such self-deception, might appreciate these words:     
"Humility might be courage, the open acceptance of one's own imperfection."   
Those who might struggle to find such courage, might appreciate these words:    
"Those who might lack the courage might always find a philosophy to justify it."    
Those who might seek to understand such philosophy one might be tempted to justify one's lack of courage, might appreciate these words:   
"The habit of dwelling on victimhood might dull the impulse of self-correction."   
Those who might then seek to self-correct in order to find such courage, might appreciate the chapter on "courage" and these words:   
"Being deeply loved by someone might give one strength, while loving someone deeply might give one courage."   
Those who might be tempted to think that they might have no one to love deeply, might appreciate these words:   
"One might think a hero might be anyone who might really intent on making this world a better place for everyone."    
One might struggle to make this world a better place for everyone as in:   
"Good intentions might not be enough. One might have good intentions when one might set a goal to do something, bit then one might miss a deadline or other milestone."   
Those who might have missed such a deadline or other milestone, might find themselves struggling as in:     
"No amount of guilt might be able to change the past and no amount of worrying might be able to change the future."   
Those who might struggle with such guilt or worrying, might appreciate these words:    
"One might not seek to live one's life regretting yesterday. One might seek to live one's life so tomorrow one might not regret today."   
Those who might be confronted with those who might regret their past, might appreciate these words:    
"One might either die as a hero or live long enough to become the villain."    
Those who might then be tempted to die as a hero, might appreciate these words:    
"It might be dead easy to die; it might be the keeping on living that might be hard."   
Those who might struggle to keep on living after one might have lost those one might have loved, might appreciate these words:   
"Society might not be defined not only by what it might create, but by what it might refuse to destroy."   
Those who might not know, how to refuse to destroy, might appreciate these words:   
"Civil disobedience might be an act of love."   
One might understand one reason why one might seek to commit such an act of love through these words:   
"The key of joy might be disobedience."   
One might understand one reason why one might feel such joy being disobedient through these words:   
"Courage might be exhilarating."   
One might understand one reason why such courage might be exhilarating through these words:   
"One might have learned that courage might not have been the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave ones might not be those who might not feel afraid, but those who might conquer that fear."    
Those might have conquered such fear, might appreciate these words:    
"Disobedience might be the stamp of the hero."   
One might find one reason why disobedience might be so valuable through these words:   
"Self-esteem might come from being able to define the world in one's own terms and refusing to abide by the judgments of others."   
Those who might seek to define such world in one's own terms, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"   