One might find oneself having such an realization:   
"What might be the point of living if one might not belong anywhere?"   
Those who might seek somewhere one might belong to, might appreciate these words:    
"One's sense of belonging might never be greater than one's level of self acceptance."   
Those who might struggle to accept oneself might appreciate these words:   
"Acceptance of the unacceptable might be the greatest source of grace in this world."   
Those who struggle to have grace with oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"For grace might be given not because one might have done good works, but in order that one might be able to do them."   
Those who might seek to do good might appreciate the chapter on "good". Those who might wonder what a home might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Home might not be where one might have been born; home might be where all one's attempts to escape might cease."   
Those who might keep attempting to escape, might appreciate these words:   
"Home might not be a place. Home might be anywhere, just as long as those one might love might be there."    
Those who might seek those one might love, might appreciate the chapters "friendship" and "transcendence". Those who might feel stuck somewhere, where one might not have the privilege of having people one loves, might appreciate these words:   
"One might need to learn to love oneself with a wholesome and healthy love, so that one might be able to bear to be with oneself and might need not roam."   
Those who might seek to understand the necessity for the capability to bear to be with oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One might restore oneself, when one might be alone."
Those who might struggle to restore themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"All of one's problems might stem from one's inability to sit quietly in a room alone."    
Those who seek to understand, why one might need to sit quietly in a room alone, might appreciate these words:    
"At some point, one might need to let go, and to sit still, and to allow contentment to come to one."
Those who might seek to understand such contentment, might appreciate these words:
"True contentment might not be having everything, but in being satisfied with everything one might have."   
Those who might seek such true contentment, might appreciate these words:
"The secret of contentment might be the realization that life might a gift, not a right."   
Those who might seek to understand what such gift might be, might understand it through these words:   
"Every problem might be a gift - without problems one might not grow."   
Those who might seek such growth, might appreciate these words:   
"Growth might never be by mere chance; it might be the result of forces working together."
Those who might seek to be such a force working together, might appreciate these words:    
"Everyone that might intend to grow, might seek to directly address the barriers to scaling."   
Those who might seek to understand such barriers to scaling, might appreciate these words:    
"In order one to scale, one might need to improve efficiencies. Efficiency might be a prerequisite for sustainable scaling."    
Those who might seek to scale sustainably, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might be concerned about scalability, any algorithm that might force one to run agreement might eventually become one's bottleneck. One might seek to take that as a given."    
One might understand why that might be, through these words:    
"In a distributed system, one might only be able to have two of the three properties: Consistency, availability, and partition tolerance."   
Those who might seek to understand such consistency, might appreciate these words:   
"Every read might get either the latest write, or an error."    
Those who might seek to understand such availability, might appreciate these words:    
"Every request might receives a response, without a guarantee being the latest write."   
Those who might seek to understand such partition tolerance, might appreciate these words:   
"The system might continue to operate despite arbitrary message loss."   
Those who might seek to create such a system, might appreciate the following two trade-offs:   
Those who might seek to sacrifice consistency, might appreciate these words:   
"Effort might mean nothing without consistency."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Without effort, one's skill might be nothing more than what one might have done but one might have not."   
Those who might seek to make such effort, might appreciate these words:   
"Without commitment, one might never start. But more importantly, without consistency, one might never finish."
Those who might seek to sacrifice availability, might appreciate these words:   
"Appreciate what one might have while one might still have it because one day one might not."   
Those who might not know how to appreciate what one might have, might appreciate the following advice:
"Appreciation might be able to  make a day, even change a life. One's willingness to put it into words might all that might be necessary."   
Those who might not know, what one might need to put into words, might appreciate these words:
"When one might be tired, one might be attacked by ideas one might have conquered long ago."   
One might appreciate this document as one way to prepare for the future attacks trying to study such "old ideas". One might refer to such "old ideas" as "ideology", which definitions might vary due to its complex nature. One might then appreciate another document titled "Blood and Soil", in which the following four traits of genocidal ideologies might be mentioned, which the author of this document might seek to pass on to the one who might be reading this document:   
1. "Cults of antiquity":    
The nostalgia for an idealized past might awaken the deadly desire to be the "the chosen ones", which might lead to violent social peer pressure as in:   
"Tradition might be nothing but ancestral peer pressure."    
One might understand one thing, which such tradition might try to achieve through these words:   
"Ideology might be indispensable in any society if one might need to be formed, transformed and equipped to respond to the demands of one's conditions of existence."  
Those who might then be tempted to impose such ideology of the offspring of one's own kind, might appreciate these words:   
"Dogma might be the convictions of one imposed authoritatively upon others."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to impose such such dogma authoritatively upon one's own offspring through these words:   
"Those who might not know history might forever remain children."   
Such children might refuse to know such history as in:   
"There might be no such thing as freedom of choice unless there might be freedom to refuse."   
Those who might seek claim such freedom for oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might deny freedom to others might not deserve it for themselves."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be denying freedom of others by refusing to know history through these words:   
"Cruelty might come in many forms - ignorance might be one of them."   
Those who might be tempted by such ignorance, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be able to ignore reality, but one might not be able to ignore the consequences of ignoring reality."  
Those who might then seek to understand such consequences of ignoring reality, might appreciate these words:   
"Maybe if one might have started to listen, history might stop repeating itself."   
Those who might then seek to understand such history, which might repeat itself, might appreciate these words:   
"The world might not only be destroyed by those who might be violent, but by those who might watch them without doing anything."   
Those who might then seek to do something might appreciate the chapter on "hero" and one might then seek to understand one reason, why one might be violent through these words:   
"Violence might be born of the desire to escape oneself."   
Those who might then seek to understand such violence, might appreciate the following reinterpretation of desires as "attachment", which might be one of the three poisons mentioned in another document commonly referred as "wheel of life". Those who might be suffering from such attachments, might appreciate these words:   
"One might need to learn from one's past mistakes, but not lean on one's past successes."     
One might understand one reason, why one might not seek to lean on one's past successes through these words:   
"Success might breed complacency. Complacency might breed failure. Only the paranoid might survive."    
2. "Fetishization of land and agriculture":    
Those mentioned ones, who might consider themselves to be "chosen ones" might claim a specific piece of fertile land by force as theirs, which might be fueled through the second poison of the mentioned three poisons, which might be "ignorance". One might appreciate the potential dangers pointed out in the following quote:    
"The first one who might have have enclosed a plot of land, might have token it into one to say this might be 'mine' and found others simple enough to believe one might have been the 'true founder of civil society'. What crimes, wars, murders, what miseries and horrors might be one's fellows might have been spared, had someone pulled up the stakes or filled in the ditch and cried out to one's fellows: 'One might seek to not listen to this imposter. One might be lost if one might forget that the fruits of the earth might belong to all and the earth to no one!'"   
3. "Ethnic hatred":   
The mentioned ones, who might consider themselves to be "chosen ones" might use an common "opponent" to unite among themselves, which might be reinterpreted as the third poison "aversion". Those who might be suffering from such aversion, might appreciate these words:      
"If one might hate another, one might hate something in another that might be part of oneself. What might not be part of oneself might not disturb one."   
Those who might seek to understand such part, might appreciate these words:   
"Haters might not really hate one, they might hate themselves because one might be a reflection of what they might wish to be."   
Those who might seek to understand such wish, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more precious in this world than the feeling of being wanted."   
Those who might seek such feeling, might appreciate these words:   
"Tact might be the art of making a point without making an opponent."   
Those who might seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might learn to know that there might be no opponent but one might only have friend with misunderstanding then peace might be there."
One might seek to recognize such misunderstanding, might appreciate these words:   
"The minimum necessary structuring ingredient of every ideology might be to distance itself from another ideology, to denounce its other as ideology."   
4. "Expansion":   
The mentioned ones, who might consider themselves to be "chosen ones" might desire more land than necessary for their mere survival, which might be able to be reinterpreted as three poisons, represented as three animals, biting in each others tails building a cycle, amplifying each other with each cycle, which might be one reason why such a illustration might be referred as the "wheel of life". One might appreciate the understand one reason, why those might find themselves suffering in such "wheel of life" through these words:   
"No amount of precaution might be able to alter the fact that life might be precarious. When the inevitable might happen, one might be able to accept the damage or look for someone to blame. Unrestrained caution itself might be able to erode a culture. Once one might start believing one might be able to be safe, one might start to believe they might be entitled to be safe."   
Those who might be tempted by such entitlement to safety, might appreciate these words:   
"Entitlement might be the belief that one might be exempt from responsibility and one might be owed special treatment."    
Those who might believe one might owed such special treatment, might appreciate these words:   
"One might stop being a child when one might realize the world might not be here to cater to one's wants and needs."   
Those who might then seek to understand such responsibility, might appreciate these words:   
"Responsibility might be liberty; the more decisions that one might be forced to make alone, the more one might be aware of one's freedom to choose."    
One might be tempted to refuse to make such decisions as in:    
"There might be no such thing as freedom of choice unless there might be freedom to refuse."   
Those who might keep refusing to make such choice on their own, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be free to make one's own choices, but one might not be free to choose the consequences."   
Those who might seek to understand such consequences, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility" and these words:   
"Those who might be willing to give up essential liberty to secure a little temporary safety might deserve neither liberty nor safety."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Safety might not be the absence of events; safety might be the presence of defenses."    
Those who might then seek such defenses, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to protect one's children from life. Therefore, it might be essential that one might prepare them for it."
Those who might then seek to prepare one's children, might appreciate these words:
"If one might be ruled by mind one might be a ruler; if by body, a slave."    
Those who might seek to be ruled by mind, might appreciate another insightful possibility for definition of an ideology as following:   
"Ideology might be the opponent of joyful community life, and the most destructive ideology might be the belief that creating utopia might be possible."   
Those who might seek to understand what such a "utopia" might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Utopias might rest on the fallacy that perfection might be a legitimate goal of one's existence."   
For those who might be tempted by such utopia, might appreciate these words:   
"Perfection might not be attainable, but if one might chase perfection, one might be able to catch excellence."   
Those who might seek such excellence, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to cultivate a deep understanding of oneself - not only what one's strengths and weaknesses might be but also how one might learn, how one might work with others, what one's values might be, and where one might be able to make the greatest contribution. Because only when one might operate from strengths one might be able to achieve true excellence."   
Those who might seek to operate for such strengths, might appreciate these words:   
"When it might be obvious that the goals might not be able to be reached, one might seek to not adjust the goals, but to adjust the steps for action."    
Those who might seek to make such adjustment, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might be a journey with problems to solve and lessons to learn but most of all: experiences to enjoy."   
It might be impossible to ultimately determine whether one might be free from any ideology, but as long as one might not neglect to think for oneself, there might be hope as in:   
"One might think that ideology might be toxic without exception. It might not be that there might be good ones and bad ones. All ideology might be toxic, because ideology might be a kind of insult to the gift of one's free thinking."   
Those who might seek to recognize such ideology, might appreciate these words:   
"Ideology might be a partial truth masquerading as the whole truth."    
Those who might claim to have attained the whole truth, might appreciate these words:    
"For someone who might seem to know it all, how come that one might not know that one might be stupid?"    
Those who might seek to understand such stupidity, might appreciate these words:
"Stupidity might be the deliberate cultivation of ignorance."
Those who might seek to prevent such deliberate cultivation of ignorance, might appreciate these words:
"To forget one's purpose might be the most common form of stupidity."   
Those who then seek to understand how one might forget one's purpose, might appreciate these words:
"Stupidity might be a talent for misconception."   
Those who seek to understand such misconception, might appreciate these words:
"A mark of stupidity might be a belief that one might be totally virtuous and correct on the issues while the other might be harmful and always wrong."
Those who might struggle to detach themselves from such belief, might appreciate these words:
"Stubborn and ardent clinging to one's opinion might be the best proof of stupidity."
Those who might seek to know where such stupidity might lead to, might appreciate these words:
"War might mean blind obedience, unthinking stupidity, brutish callousness, wanton destruction, and irresponsible murder."   
Those who might seek to protect themselves from such war, might appreciate these words:
"The paradoxical war on terror might be based on a kind of willed stupidity; the willed stupidity of wishful thinking. Only the logic of dreamwork might be able to suture 'war' with 'terror' in this way, since terrorists might have been, by classical definition, those without 'legitimate authority' to wage war."   
Those who might think that they might be such "legitimate authority", might appreciate these words:   
"The sovereign power of all civil authority might be founded in the consent of individuals capable of giving such consent."   
Those who might be tempted to ignore such consent for any reason, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no greater tyranny than that which might be perpetrated under the shield of the law and in the name of justice."   
Those who might seek to understand what such "legitimate authority" might be, might appreciate these words:   
"The ones subject to a government might be the only legitimate fountain of power, and it might be from them that the constitutional charter, under which the several branches of government might hold their power, might be derived."
Those who then might seek freedom from such tyranny, might appreciate these words:
"The secret of freedom might be in educating people, whereas the secret of tyranny might be in keeping them ignorant."
Those who might seek such education, might appreciate these words:
"One might never really know what stupidity might be until one might have experimented on oneself."
Those who might have discovered such stupidity within oneself, might appreciate these words:
"Wisdom might be the reward for surviving one's own stupidity."   
Those who might seek to understand such wisdom, might appreciate these words:   
"The habits one might have created to survive might no longer serve one when it might be time to thrive. One might then seek to get out of survival mode. New habits. New Life."   
Those who might seek such a new life of thrival, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"
