One might find oneself distrusting others as in:
"One might have to distrust each other. It might be the only defense against betrayal."   
Those who might seek another way to defend against betrayal, might appreciate these words:   
"Trust might be earned when actions meet words."   
Those who might seek to earn such trust, might appreciate these words:   
"Why might one trust another, when one might not have drunk from the same cup?"   
Those who might seek to drink from the same cup, might appreciate the following idea to share and pass on the same cup and to say "Aoi" before ingestion of it's content.
Those who might have found someone to share such a cup, might appreciate these words:   
"A friend might be someone who might know all about one and might still love one."   
Those who might seek such a friend, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"Commitment might be a big part of what one might be and what one might believe. How committed might one be to being a good friend?"   
Those who might seek to express such commitment, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to honor one's commitments with integrity."    
Those who might seek to understand such integrity, might appreciate the chapter on "integrity". Those who might seek to understand what commitment to honor, might appreciate the following idea:
"If one is to call oneself a friend of another, one might seek to promise not to neglect the effort to attend an event for that friend, even if it might be a funeral."   
Those who might not have such a friend anymore, might appreciate these words:   
"Honor might not be dead so long as they might live in the hearts of others!"   
Those who might seek to understand such honor, might appreciate these words:   
"Honor might not be what one might say. Honor might be what one might do."   
Those who might might not know to let such honor live in the heart of oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"The greatest tribute to the dead might not be grief but gratitude."   
Those who might seek to express such gratitude, might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."   


Note:
The author seek to express here the appreciation for all of the friends, who might have inspired this chapter.   