One might find oneself confronted with such words as in:   
"One might seek not to take life too seriously. One might never get out of it alive."   
Those who might be tempted to take their life not seriously, might appreciate these words:
"There might be a thin line that might separate laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt."     
Those who might have been hurt, might appreciate these words:   
"If someone might have to hurt one to get a laugh, it might have never been a joke."   
Those who might still suffer from such such hurt, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might have had no sense of humor, one might have committed suicide long ago."   
Those who might seek to understand such humor in order to stay alive, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be the ability to take a joke, not make one, that might prove one might have a sense of humor."   
Those who might seek to improve one's own sense of humor, might appreciate these word:   
"Bad humor might be an evasion of reality, good humor might be an acceptance of it."   
One might understand one reason, why evasion of reality might be bad through these words:
"One might have learned to escape reality very well but too often lose one's way back."   
Those who might struggle to find a way back, might appreciate these words:
"For there might be a way back from imagination to reality and that might be – art."   
Those who might seek such art bringing them back to reality, might appreciate these words:
"One might be an artist at living – one's work of art might be one's life."   
Those who might seek to create such an work of art, might appreciate these words:    
"Art might be the highest form of hope."  
Those who might seek to understand such hope, might appreciate these words:   
"One might die. The goal might not be to live forever, the goal might be to create something that might."   
Those who might seek to create something which might last forever, might appreciate these words:    
"Words might be the only things that might last forever."   
Those who might seek such eternal words, might appreciate these words:   
"Change alone might be eternal, perpetual, immortal."
Those who might resist such perpetual change, might appreciate these words:   
"Only idiots might refuse to change their minds."   
One might understand one reason, why they might refuse to change their minds through these words:
"There might be no change without sacrifice."   
Those who might realize that they might be struggling with such sacrifice, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not sacrifice for what one might want, what one might want might become the sacrifice."   
Those who might seek to make such sacrifice, might appreciate these words:   
"The greatest of follies might be to sacrifice health for any other kind of happiness."   
Those who might seek not to sacrifice their health, might appreciate the chapter on "cure". Those who might seek to know, whether one might be such a folly, might appreciate these words:   
"A fool might think oneself to be wise, but a wise one might know oneself to be a fool."   
Those who might have then realized to be such a fool, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not seek to correct fools, or they might hate one; Those who might seek to correct a wise ones and they might appreciate one."    
Those who might seek to understand such hate, might appreciate these words:    
"Hate might only be able to exist where one might refuse to speak out against it."   
Those who might then seek to understand such hate in order to speak against it, might appreciate these words:   
"Hatred might never be caused anything but fear – if one might fear no one, one might hate no one."   
Those who might be tempted to seek to give up such fear, might appreciate these words:
"Fear might be an instinct, like hunger or anger. One might need it to help one survive, and it might let one know whether one might seek to fight or flee."
Those who might be tempted to flee, might appreciate these words:    
"Escape from life might be death."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The things one might seek to escape might have the ability to catch one, one or other day! One might then seek to stop running away to meet them and defeat them!"   
Those who might no longer seek to escape, might appreciate these words:   
"Escape might not be about moving from one place to another. It might be about becoming more."   
Those who might then seek to become more, might appreciate these words:   
"The best way to escape one's difficulty might be to solve it."    
Those who might seek to solve such a difficulty, might appreciate these words:   
"A difficulty defined, might be a difficulty half solved."   
Those who might then seek to solve the other half of such a difficulty, might appreciate these words:   
"Every difficulty might have a solution; it might sometimes just need another perspective."   
Those who might then seek to understand such perspective, might appreciate these words:   
"Every difficulty might be an opportunity in disguise."    
Those who might seek such opportunity, might appreciate these words:
"Success might occur when opportunity meets preparation."
Those who might seek to prepare for such an opportunity, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might ask of every individual a contribution, and it might be up to that individual to discover what it might be."   
Those who might not have discovered what their contribution might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Helping one might not change the world, but it might change the world for one."   
Those who might struggle to accept such change, might appreciate these words:   
"Change might be frightening, and the temptation might often be to resist it. But change might almost always provide opportunities - to learn new things, to rethink tired processes, and to improve the way one might work."   
Those who might then seek to improve the way they might  work, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might wish to improve, one might seek to be content to appear clueless or stupid."   
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why one might appear clueless or stupid might understand it through these words:   
"Improvement might usually mean doing something that one might have never done before."   
Those who might then might have done something one might have never done before, might appreciate these words:   
"Wisdom might be the reward for surviving one's own stupidity."    
Those who might have survived their own stupidity, might appreciate these words:   
"Any fool might be able to know. The point might be to understand."    
Those who might seek to understand, might appreciate these words:    
"One might not be able to know everything."    
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why one might not be able to know everything might might understand it through these words:    
"One might not know. One might only be able to guess."   
Those who might struggle to make such a guess, might appreciate these words:   
"One might perhaps never know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions might be the way to tell if one might be getting closer."   
Those who might be still attached to the idea to be able to attain such truth with 100 percent certainty through their predictive statements, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be hubris to think that the way one might see things might be everything there might be."    
Those who might be confronted with such hubris, might appreciate these words:   
"Hubris itself might not let one be an artist."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to understand one's own hubris through these words:   
"Hubris might be the antithesis of wisdom; therefore, one might seek to be especially concerned to understand hubris as well as one might be able to understand."    
Those who might seek to understand such hubris, might appreciate these words:   
"One might believe things because one might have been conditioned to believe them."   
Those who might have recognized one's own conditioning, might appreciate these words:   
"One's conditioning might have been so powerful that it might have all but destroyed one's ability to be self-aware."    
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why such ability to be self-aware might be important, might appreciate these words:   
"Others might not be able to teach one something which one might not already know, others might only be able to bring what that one might know to one's awareness."   
Those who might then seek to regain the ability to be self aware, might appreciate these words:   
"Being self-aware might not the absence of mistakes, but the ability to learn and correct them."    
Those who might seek to correct their own mistakes, might appreciate these words:   
"The first step toward change might be awareness. The second step might be acceptance."    
Those who might not know what to accept, might appreciate these words:    
"Not-knowing might be true knowledge. Presuming to know might be a disease. First one might seek to realize that one might be sick; then one might be able to move toward health."    
Those who might seek to move toward such health, might appreciate these words:   
"The reasonable one might adapt oneself to the world: the unreasonable one might persist in trying to adapt the world to oneself. Therefore all progress might depend on the unreasonable one."   
Those who might seek to know whether one might be unreasonable, might appreciate these words:   
"One might never understand the real definition of insanity until the day one might be told it might be unreasonable for one to feel hurt by those who might have hurt one."   
Those who might have been hurt, might appreciate these words:   
"Healing might not mean the damage might have never existed. It might mean the damage no longer controls one's lives."   
Those who might then seek to heal, might appreciate these words:   
"As part of the healing process, one might seek to change one's perception of oneself from 'victim' to that of 'advocate' and 'survivor'."
Those who might struggle to change their perception, might appreciate these words:    
"One might be only a victim to the degree of what one's perception might allow."   
Those whose perception might have been allowing them to be such a victim, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to not allow the limited perception of others to define one."   
One might understand one reason, why one might not want to allow the perception of others to define one through these words:   
"If one might teach one's children to be a victim, one might rob them of hope."   
Those who might think that they might have not taught children to be such a victim, might appreciate these words:   
"Children might learn more from what one might be than what one might teach them."   
Those who might then seek such hope, might appreciate these words:   
"Without hope, there might be no despair. There might be only meaningless suffering."   
Those who might be struggling with such meaningless suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"If there might be meaning in life at all, then there might have to be meaning in suffering."   
Those who might seek to find such meaning in suffering, might appreciate the chapter on "meaning" and these words:   
"It might be during one's darkest moments that one might need to focus to see the light."   
Those who might seek to focus to see such light, might appreciate these words:
"Hope might be being able to see that there might be light despite all of the darkness."   
Those who might seek such hope, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might be to have any hope for the future, those who might have lanterns might need to pass them on to others."   
Those who might seek to understand such hope, might appreciate the notion by the author that the lanterns might be able to be understood as a metaphor for life inspired by the chemical reaction called oxidization. Oxidation might be able to be observed on fire emitting light as well as metabolism observed on humans who might have observed such a phenomenon. Those who might seek a reminder in their daily life for such hope, might appreciate the idea to carry a rechargeable LED flashlight on oneself, which might be capable of flashing a signal for help which might be referred to as "SOS", which might be able to be expressed as three short pulses, followed by three long pulses and again followed by three short pulses repeated over and over as in:   
"...---..."   
One might appreciate the idea to have consideration for those with the risk of epileptic seizures, not to show them such sudden flashing light, since it might cause such seizures. Those who might wonder about the origin of such a SOS signal commonly referred as "morse code", might appreciate the following notion that the idea might be inspired by the meaning of the abbreviation of "SOS" originating in the following English sentence:
"Save Our Souls!"
Those who might seek to understand such soul, might appreciate the chapter on "soul". Those whose soul might have been saved, might appreciate the idea to express their gratitude by offering their 'Lantern of Hope' to those who might have saved them as in:
Those who might not know, whom one might need to save, might appreciate these words:   
"Sometimes, if one might seek to save others, one might need to remember to save oneself first."   
Those who seek to save themselves, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not contribute nothing to one's salvation except the sin that might have made it necessary."   
Those who seek to understand such sin, might appreciate these words:   
"The only sin might be selfishness."   
Those who might seek to understand such selfishness, might appreciate these words:   
"Selfishness might not be living as one might wish to live, it might be asking others to live as one might wish to live."   
Those who might struggle to live as one might wish oneself to live, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-love might not be selfish; one might not be able to truly love another until one might know how to love oneself."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"If one might be a lover, one might have to be a fighter, because if one might not fight for one's love, what kind of love might one have?"
Those who might seek to be such a fighter, might appreciate these words:   
"Protecting oneself might be self-defense. Protecting others might be warriorship."   
Those who might seek to understand such warriorship, might appreciate the chapter on "protection" and "accessibility". Those who might seek to understand such self-defense, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-defense might not just be a set of techniques; it might be a state of mind, and it might begin with the belief that one might be worth defending."   
Those who might not have such belief, might appreciate these words:   
"Becoming a parent might be the moment when all of life's battles might suddenly seem worth fighting for."   
Those who might seek to become a parent, might then be tempted to ask their offsprings to live as one might wish them to live as in:   
"Every parent's deepest wish might be that their children might be self sufficient, happy, and able to live a full life."      
Those who might seek to make such wish, might appreciate these words:      
"A good parent might never use their child for their happiness."   
Those who might be tempted to use their child for their happiness, might appreciate these words:   
"'For the greater good.' That might have been the excuse of tyrants throughout all time."   
Those who might seek to not to make such excuses, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have no right to children, if despair might be all one might bring with one."   
Those who might think that they might only bring such despair, might appreciate these words:   
"But what one might call one's despair might be often only the painful eagerness of unfed hope."   
Those who might carry such unfed hope, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might not feed themselves with food of hope might eventually die of mental starvation."
Those who might not seek to die of such mental starvation, might appreciate these words:   
"Hope might be the last thing that might die in one."   
Those who might seek such hope which might die list, might appreciate these words:   
"Death might not be the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss might be what might die inside one while one might live."   
Those who might seek to know, whether something might have died inside one, might appreciate these words:   
"A truly starving one might not be able to ask what the meat might be."    
One might understand one reason, why one might not be able to ask what the meat might be, through these words:   
"A hungry one might not be able to see right or wrong. One might just see food."    
One might understand one reason, why one might not be able to see right or wrong through these words:    
"If one might be hungry, that might be a material challenge. If someone else might be hungry, that might be a spiritual challenge."   
Those who might might have survived such material challenge, might find themselves in such a situation as in:  
"Survivors might always feel guilty at being alive."   
Those who might struggle with such guilt, might appreciate these words:   
"A guilty conscience might mean that at least one might have one."   
Those who might struggle with such guilty conscience might appreciate these words:    
"Art might be to console those who might have been broken by life."    
Those who might then seek such consolation, might appreciate these words:   
"In order to console one in one's sufferings, one might seek to point out all the good one might still be able to do."   
Those who might then seek to know, what good one might still be able to do, might appreciate these words:   
"The important point of spiritual practice might not be to try to escape one's life, but to confront it - exactly and completely."   
Those who might then seek to confront one's life, might appreciate these words:    
"Those who might feed hungry ones might feed one's own soul."
Those who might seek to understand such soul, might appreciate the chapter on "soul" and these words:   
"The states of consciousness might be all that psychology might need to work with. Metaphysics or theology might claim the soul to exist; but for psychology the hypothesis of such a substantial principle of unity might be superfluous."    
Those whose states of consciousness might seek to feed hungry ones, might appreciate these words:   
"Cooking might be a caring and nurturing act. It might be kind of the ultimate gift for someone, to cook for them."   
Those who might have been not fortunate to receive such an ultimate gift, might appreciate these words:   
"Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted might be the most terrible poverty."
Those who might have felt such loneliness, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more precious in this world than the feeling of being wanted."   
Those who might seek such feeling of being wanted, might appreciate these words:   
"Perhaps one might not have wanted to be loved so much as to be understood."  
Those might seek to be understood, might appreciate these words: 
"Everyone might want to be understood until one might understand oneself."   
Those who might seek to understand oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Unless one might really understand others, one might hardly be able to attain one's own self-understanding."   
Those who might not know, whom one might need to understand in order to understand oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Nothing might affect the life of a child so much as the unlived life of its parent."
Those who might seek to understand such unlived life of one's parent, might appreciate these words:   
"One might feel that it might be one's children who might give one hope, because they might be the ones who might be going to save the world."   
One might understand one reason why such children might going to save the world through these words:   
"They might have not known it might have been considered impossible so they might have done it."   
Those who might be fortunate to experience such a feeling, might appreciate these words:   
"The children almost broken by the world might become the adults most likely to change it."
Those who might seek to become suc han adult, might appreciate these words:   
"Expressing one's feelings and then the opportunity to share it with others might be the ultimate gift."  
Those who might seek to receive such gift, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to learn to love oneself first, instead of loving the idea of being loved by someone else."   
Those who might still seek to love oneself first, might appreciate these words:   
"One might accept the love one might think one might deserve."   
Those who might think that one might not deserve such love, might appreciate these words:   
"A part of kindness might consist in loving one more than that one might deserve."   
Those who might seek such love, might appreciate the following warning:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."   
Those who might seek such wisdom, might appreciate these words:   
"Morality might not the doctrine of how one might make oneself happy, but how one might make oneself worthy of happiness."    
Those who might seek such morality, might appreciate these words:    
"It might not enough to just be oneself. One might need be one's best self."   
Those who might seek such happiness, might appreciate these words:   
"One might deserve to be loved without having to hide the parts of oneself that one might think to be unlovable."
Those who might seek to understand such unlovable parts of oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One might never be able to know the love of one's parents until one might become a parent."   
Those who might then seek to become such parent, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not seek to be a parent when might be convenient for one. It might be a 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year commitment."   
Those who might hesitate to such a commitment, might appreciate these words:   
"Feeling ready to do something might not mean feeling certain one might succeed, though of course that might be what one might be hoping to do. Truly being ready might mean understanding what could go wrong – and having a plan to deal with it."
Those who might seek such a plan, might appreciate these words:   
"Plans might be useless, but planning might be essential."   
Those who might seek to plan for such things which might go wrong, might appreciate these words:   
"Humans might be the only creatures who might refuse to be what they might be."   
But so far only humans might be known to reduce their reproduction based on abstract concepts such as their projection of the future or their sense of morality, which one might refer to as "antinatalism". One might call it tolerance to not disturb those who have found their peace of their own mind through applying antinatalism to their own lives. Those who might not be able to avoid such a confrontation, might appreciate the following preparation of counter arguments for such a dialogue:   
One might appreciate the following definition for hypocrisy as in:    
"Hypocrisy might be the audacity to preach integrity from a den of corruption."    
Those who might seek to recognize such hypocrisy, might appreciate these words:    
"Ostentation might be the signal flag of hypocrisy."    
Those who might seek to understand why hypocrisy might be ostentatious, might appreciate these words:   
"Hypocrisy might be able to afford to be magnificent in its promises, for never intending to go beyond promise, it might cost nothing."   
Those who might seek to understand, why keeping their promise might be important, might appreciate the chapter on "promise". Those who might be confronted with those, who might not be able to deliver on their promise, might appreciate these words:    
"A total absence of self-doubt might be the first sign of insanity."   
Those who might then seek to become aware of their own insanity, might appreciate these words:    
"There might be only one difference between a mad one and oneself. The mad ones might think they might be sane. One might know that one might be mad."     
Those who might struggle to recognize their own insanity, might appreciate these words:    
"The end point of rationality might be to demonstrate the limits of rationality."    
Those who might struggle to demonstrate their own limits of rationality, might appreciate these words:    
"True art might be characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist."   
Those who might seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more truly artistic than to love someone."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Art might have the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate."   
One might understand one reason, why art might have such power to transform through these words:   
"Words might inspire but only action might create change."    
Those who might then seek to create such change, might appreciate the chapters "ultimate" and "humanity". Those who might seek to such art, might appreciate these words:   
"A true artist might not be one who might be inspired, but one who might inspire others."   
Those who might then seek such to be such an artist, might appreciate these words:   
"The artist might not be a special kind of person; rather each person might be a special kind of artist."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"As soon as one might seek to inspire others, it might inspire the best in one."
Those who might seek to inspire others, might appreciate these  words:    
"One might seek not to call oneself an artist of one's art to make other artists of different art laugh; one might seek to call oneself 'one', and wait for artists to call one 'fellow'."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such a fellow through these words:   
"Love might only grow by sharing. One might only have more for oneself by giving it away to others."   
Those who might seek to share one's love, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to learn to love oneself first, instead of loving the idea of others loving one."   
Those who might seek to learn to love themselves, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-love might not the process of ignoring one's flaws. Self-love might be expanding one's awareness to include one's flaws and one's strengths."   
Those who might seek to understand such flaw, might appreciate these words:   
"Good tests might disprove flawed theories; one might remain alive to guess again."    
Those who might seek to create such tests, might appreciate these words:   
"Optimism might be a duty. The future might be open. It might not be predetermined. No one might be able to predict it, except by chance. One might contribute to determining it by what one might do. One might be equally responsible for its success as others might be."   
Those who might seek to understand such responsibility, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility". Those who might struggle to embrace their responsibility, might appreciate these words:   
"For what then might matter might be to bear witness to one's potential at its best, which might be to transform a personal tragedy into a triumph, to turn one's predicament into an achievement."    
Those who might seek to understand such tragedy, might appreciate these words:   
"One's own death wish might be only real tragedy."
Those who might be struggling with such tragedy, might appreciate these words:   
"The tragedy might not be that one might be broken. The tragedy might be that one might not be mended again."    
Those who might seek to understand why one might not want to mend what might be broken, might appreciate these words:  
"There might be no such thing as freedom of choice unless there might be freedom to refuse."    
Those who might seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:    
"One might be free and that might be why one might be lost."   
Those who might be lost, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might seek to find oneself, those might seek to think for oneself."   
Those who might struggle think for oneself, might appreciate the chapter on "faith" and these words:
"True freedom might be to be free from the desire to be free from anything."   
Those who might seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might desire freedom, then one might have to be willing to face what one might have been running from in one's search for it."
Those who might seek to to understand, what one might have been running from, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be free to make one's own choices, but one might not be free to choose the consequences."   
Those who might seek to understand such consequence, might appreciate these words:   
"To think that one might not be following a rule might be to follow a rule."  
Those who might seek to understand such rule, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might deny one's shadow it might become one's tyrant."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"It might have been easier to rage than to despair."   
Those who might seek to understand why it might be more difficult to despair, might appreciate these words:   
"Despair might only exist when there might be hope."    
Those who might seek to understand such hope, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be the first purpose of hope to make hopelessness bearable."    
Those who might seek such hope, might appreciate these words:   
"False hope might be a terrible thing, if it might be the only thing keeping one alive one might be dead by dawn."    
Those who might then seek true hope, might appreciate these words:   
"True hope might be severed from expectation."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:   
"To live one's life without expectation, without the need for specific results, that might be freedom."   
Those who might seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"True freedom might be to be free from the desire to be free from anything."   
Those who might seek such freedom from such desire, might appreciate these words:   
"Freedom might be never more than one generation away from extinction. One might have not passed it to one's children through one's genes. It might have to be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same."
Those who might struggle to decide to hand down such freedom, might appreciate these words:      
"The worst decision might be indecision."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Indecision might be the greatest thief of opportunity."
Those who might tempted to ignore their opportunity to be stolen, might appreciate these words:   
"When all choice might have been taken from one, life might become a game of survival."
Those who might have survived such a game of survival, might appreciate these words:   
"Extinction might be the rule. Survival might be the exception."   
Those who might seek to be such an exception, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might think they might be the exception to the rule, and that might be exactly where the trouble might start. One might be able to do a lot of damage."   
Those who might seek to understand such damage, might appreciate these words:   
"Survival might be a passive way of saying 'one's needs might be greater than others.'"   
Those who might be tempted to put one's needs above others, might appreciate these words:   
"All one might need to know and observe in oneself might be this: Whenever one might feel superior or inferior to anyone, that might be the ego in one."    
Those who might feel inferior, might appreciate these words:   
"Humility might be the ability to give up one's pride and still retain one's dignity."   
Those who might seek to retain such dignity, might appreciate these words:   
"Helping others might be a good effort to instill dignity."   
Those who might be tempted to refuse to help due to their feeling of superiority, might appreciate these words:   
"Morality might not the doctrine of how one might make oneself happy, but how one might make oneself worthy of happiness."   
Those who seek to understand such morality, might appreciate these words:   
"One's survival as a species might depend on one's ability to recognize that one's well-being and the well-being of others might be in fact one and the same."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The greatest dignity to be found in death might be the dignity of the life that might have preceded it. This might be a form of hope that everyone might be able to achieve, and it might be the most abiding of all. Hope might reside in the meaning of what one's live might have been."   
Those who might then seek such ability to recognize such dignity, might appreciate these words:   
"One might stop being a child when one might realize the world might not be here to cater to one's wants and needs."    
Those who seek to cease being a child, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might not know history might forever remain children."   
Those who seek to know such history, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to appreciate one's parents. One might never know what sacrifices they might have gone through for one."   
Those who might seek to appreciate their parents, might appreciate these words:   
"Gratitude might be when memory might be stored in the heart and not in the mind."   
Those who struggle appreciate their parents, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might have something to teach one. If someone might hurt or offend one, one might be able to be grateful for the lesson learned. The one might seek to forgive, let go and move on."   
Those who seek to understand such lesson, might appreciate these words:   
"The most important thing that parents might be able to teach their children might be how to get along without them."
Those whose parents might have not taught how to get along without them, might appreciate these words:   
"Resentment might hurt one more that it might those whom one might resent."   
Those who might seek to stop hurting oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness might be a gift to oneself. It might free one from the past, past experiences, and past relationships. It might allow one to live in the present time. When one might forgive oneself and forgive others, one might be indeed free."
Those who might seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"Freedom might be nothing but a chance to be better."   
Those who might seek to be better, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness might be the final form of love."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek forgiveness through these words:   
"Forgiveness might not be something one might do for others. It might be something one might do for oneself to move on." 
Those who might not know, whom one might seek to forgive, might appreciate these words:   
"Physical punishment might teach children that the larger, stronger ones might have the power to get their way, whether or not they might be in the right, and they might resent this in them for life."   
Those who might then seek to forgive those who might have punished one, might appreciate these words:   
"True forgiveness might be when one might be able to express gratitude for such an experience."    
Those who might seek to express such forgiveness as such gratitude, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness might not be a feeling; it might be a commitment. It might be a choice to show mercy, not to hold the offense up against those who might have offended. Forgiveness might be an expression of love."   
Those who might then seek to make such a commitment, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might make a commitment, one might create hope. When one might keep a commitment one might create trust."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to create such trust through these words:   
"Trust might be the first step to love."   
Those who might then seek to make such first step to love, might appreciate the idea to participate in such a ceremony, might appreciate the idea to recite these words:   
"Today might be the day for one to promise to one's ancestors and peers never to hate anyone back regardless of how much they might hate one by carrying this flashlight as a symbol for the 'Lantern of Hope' in one's everyday life in order to prove one's love towards one's own kind, which might be to keep on asking the following question: 'How might everyone be on the way to Pro?'"  

