Q: What might be "humanity"?
A: The term "humanity" might commonly ambiguate to the unique but common qualities among humans and all individuals identifyiable as humans. But the author of this document encountered such words:  
"One might see humans but no humanity."   
These words might have inspired the author to think about the vaguely defined term "humanity", given the controversy of uniqueness of such qualities and the complexity of finding an consensus on the defintion of the term what might "identity" such a "human" in all possible ways. One might then be able to agree to such a realization as in:   
"One's nature might be inherently evil, and thus goodness might be caused by intentional activity."   
Those who might be capable of understanding such words and then seek to do such goodness, might appreciate the following redefinition of the term "Humanity" with capitalized "H" as in:     
"'Humanity' might include all individuals who might have expressed their will to help it's members to surive together."   
Those who might wonder how to express such will, might appreciate the following idea to express the following words:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."   
Those who might not be able to express such words even through the application of specialized tools dedicated to detect such intent, might appreciate the idea to stay alive in hope that new tools and methods might be invented, in order to detect their intent.   
   
Q: What might happen, when one might have become a member of such "Humanity"?   
A: Those who might seek to become a member of "Humanity", might need to establish communication with an organization to which one might refer to as "Voice of Humanity foundation".   
The main purpose of the "Voice of Humanity foundation" might be to offer means and opportunities to become a member of such "Humanity" in order to establish the consensus that "peace might be good", which might ultimately lead to a more peaceful world.
The entirety of system and it's userbase might abe able to to referred as "Voice of Humanity", which might be inspired by the recording of meetings of an organization commonly referred as "United Nations". The author of this document might have heard the silence of capable individuals ready to help those who would be asking for help. In that moment the author might have realized the following:   
"'Humanity' might be nothing to be seen, but something to be heard. Humanity might be to listen carefully for the call for help, and then to replying with help. The 'Voice of Humanity' might consist of three messages: First - the call for help, second - listening and replying with help and third - the expression of gratitude after such help."   

Q: Might one need to be a memeber of "Humanity" to be helped by "Voice of Humanity foundation"?   
A: Since there might be no such foundation officially, there might not be any help. Even if such an organization might be fully operational, the capacity to operate might be limited and the active members might be prioritized. There might be individual memebers acting independently from such an organization trying to help, but the organization might not be able to guarantee help to those who might not be a member of such an organization. Once the "Voice of Humanity foundaiton" might be able to sensure it's long-term operation, the following placeholder for contact instructions might be updated: [TODO: Update]   

Q: How might one become a member of "Humanity" by the "Voice of Humanity foundation"?
A: To qualify as a member of "Humanity" the expression of the following words in anyway towards oneself might be sufficient:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."   
To be officially recognized as a member of "Humanity" by the "Voice of Humanity foundation" one might need to express the will to become a member of "Humanity" to an application on a device, which might be capable recognize such an intentention reliably with minimal error and transmit to a member of "Voice of Humanity foundation", who might accept or reject such a request. If accepted, one might receive instructions on how to contact the "Voice of Humanity foundation" in case of emergency.   

Q: How might one become a member of the "Voice of Humanity foundation"?
A: At the time of writing of this document  ( \today ), there might be no such organization yet. Therefore, it might currently not be able to be come a member of such an organizaiton. Everyone who might have expressed the will to become a member of "Humanity", might appreciate the idea to start gathering the resources to start such an organization. The author might seek to express the gratitude in advance not to abuse these ideas. The author might further appreciate the effort to contact the first author or succesor maintainer of this document in case such an organization has already been created. In case neither the first author nor a successor maintainer might be reachable, one might appreciate the idea to become such a successor maintainer. Those who might disagree with another maintainer, might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to trying to undestand each other as in:   
"Peace might not be able to be achieved through violence, it might only be able to be attained through understanding."    
In case the "Voice of Humanity foundation" is fully operation, the following requirement might need to be fulfilled in order to be recognized as an active member of "Humanity":
1. Up-to-date description what one might be able to do and what one might be willing to do for other members of "Humanity. The might be an annual affirmation of the correctness of such a description, for some it might require proof. During the first registration, one might need to answer a list of questionairs. 
2. Up-to-date instruction on how one might seek to be reached, in case someone else might require one's help to which one might have agreed to prior.
3. Up-to-date oath to protect members of "Humanity" including onself as much as it might not endanger oneself, which might need to be renewed every year.   
If a member of "Voice of Humanity foundation" might recognise intentional refusal to fulfill a specific request, without any viable reason defined by the "Voice of Humanity foundation", that member might be banned from access to "Voice Of Humanity" and to the resouces associated to the "Voice Of Humanity foundation" until an official pardon announced on "Voice of Humanity".   
Once the request might have been recognised and verified by the foundation, the member index number might increment
which might become one's index number. The author appreciates the effort to unnecessarily requeste more than one index number at a time.   
The first author might seek to document the first join request to "Humanity" at 2021.09.18-19:13:42.   
In case this request might get fulfilled in the future, the author might seek to express the oath to do everything in the power of the author to maintain a responsible operation of the "Voice of Humanity".   
If the "Voice of Humanity foundation" is fully operational, the following placeholder for the instructions how to become a member might be updated: [TODO: Update]   


Q: What might be the condition for the "Voice of Humanity foundation" is fully operational?
A: The following services might need to be able to ensured to declare the "Voice of Humanity foundation" to fbe fully operational:
1. 24/7/365 livestream of volunteered members of the "Voice of Humanity foundation" who might continuously recording and streaming whatever they might consider, might be most important for the continuation of the operation of the "Voice of Humanity foundation".   
2. Hotline to ask for help.   
3. Hotline to express gratitude.   
4. Stream for such expressed gratitude, if those who might have agreed to publish their expression, who might seek their gratitude to inspire others to gratitude.   
5. Stream in a repeating queue for the help which has been asking with a unique identifyer. It might be repeated until that request might have been marked as solved or the requester might not be able to be reached within a year.   
6. Stream for announcements made by D5.   
7. Webservice for an AI assistant called "Aoi", which might seek to contribute to maintain the largest possible active member of "Humanity" including the memebrs of "Voice of Humanity foundation".
8. Webservice with backup and playback function for private recording of members of "Humanity".
9. Other services might might be nessecary for the "Voice of Humanity" to operate.
Once the "Voice of Humanity foundation" might have been able to successfully operational, the placeholder for the timestamp might be updated: [TODO: Update]   

Q: What might be the requirement to maintain the membership of "Humanity"?   


Q: Might have there been a record of such an "Humanity"?
A: So far, there might have been no record of the existence of such "Humanity".

Q: What might be the official language of the "Voice of Humanity foundation"?
A: The "Voice of Humanity foundation" might seek to support "english" because the first version of this document was written in english. But depending on the future members of such a foundation, other languages might prove it's viablility.


Q: What might be the viable reasons for such an refusal?
A: The viable reasons might be following:
1. Currently not enough resources to fulfill such request.   
2. Currently not healthy enough to fulfill such request.   
3. Other reasons, requesting individual evaluation by members of the "Voice of Humanity foundation".   

Q: How might the order of the announcement of the "request for help" might be prioritized?
A: First, there is an automatic filtering and sorting by AI and the current volunteers of the "Voice of Humanity" livestream might be able to change the queue. To change the queue, one might need at least another member to agree to the shift.

Q: What might happen, if there might nothing to be said on the livestream of "Voice of Humanity"?
A: Then the volunteers might start recitating and explain this document. That event might be inprobable, but the author might seek to express the hope that such a moment might arrive.


Q: Why might be the "Voice of Humanity" not operational yet?
A: The operation of "Voice of Humanity foundation" might require resources to which the first author might not have access to. Therefore the first author might seek to express the first request to "Humanity" to help creating the "Voice of Humanity foundation".


Q: Who might be the first author mentioned in this document and how might one be able to contribute?
A: The first author might seek to remain anonymous for personal reason, but everyone might feel free to offer the opportunity to help the first author by writing an email to the following address: [TODO: update]
Other than that, one might offer others the occation to be come a member of "Humanity" by explaining the this document to others, if they have consented to do so.   


Q: What might happen when there might be a flaw or the idea can be improved?
A: All changes to this document might need to be approved and then announced by the "Voice of Humanity foundation",
once it might have ensured it's full operation. Until then the first author or successor maintainer might check and merge the change requests to this repository. Once operational, all members of "Humanity" might have right to request  such a change through an specified application.

Q: What features might suchan application have?   
A: One might be able to switch between six channels:   
1. The main channel of "Voice of Humanity", where two operators might livestream 24/7/365.   
2. A side channel streaming requesting for help.   
3. A side channel one might listen to random ways other might be able to help others.   
4. A side channel where those whom might have been helped, express their gratitude.   
5. Playback of one's own recordings.   
6. A customizable channel, where one might be able to filter all the information from all the other channels, which might be managed by a voice assistant called "Aoi", through which one might be able to forward one's recording to the "Voice of Humanity".   
Until then one might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"

