[merged with imagination]
One might find oneself confronted with such words as in:   
"One might seek not to take life too seriously. One might never get out of it alive."   
Those who might be tempted to take their life not seriously, might appreciate these words:
"There might be a thin line that might separate laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt."     
Those who might have been hurt, might appreciate these words:   
"If someone might have to hurt one to get a laugh, it might have never been a joke."   
Those who might still suffer from such such hurt, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might have had no sense of humor, one might have committed suicide long ago."   
Those who might seek to understand such humor in order to stay alive, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be the ability to take a joke, not make one, that might prove one might have a sense of humor."   
Those who might seek to improve one's own sense of humor, might appreciate these word:   
"Bad humor might be an evasion of reality, good humor might be an acceptance of it."   
One might understand one reason, why evasion of reality might be bad through these words:
"One might have learned to escape reality very well but too often lose one's way back."   
Those who might struggle to find a way back, might appreciate these words:
"For there might be a way back from imagination to reality and that might be – art."   
Those who might seek such art bringing them back to reality, might appreciate these words:
"One might be an artist at living – one's work of art might be one's life."   
Those who might seek to create such an work of art, might appreciate these words:   
"One might die. The goal might not be to live forever, the goal might be to create something that might."   
Those who might seek to create something which might last forever, might appreciate these words:    
"Words might be the only things that might last forever."   
Those who might seek such eternal words, might appreciate these words:   
"Change alone might be eternal, perpetual, immortal."
Those who might seek such perpetual change, might appreciate the following mantra:
"We might be all on the way to Pro."
