One might find oneself feeling stuck as in:   
"Growth might be painful. Change might be painful. But nothing might be as painful as staying stuck somewhere one might not belong."   
Those who might seek to get unstuck, might appreciate these words:    
"Until one might believe one might have options, one might continue to feel stuck."   
Those who might seek to believe that they might have options, might appreciate these words:   
"Every year, if not every day, one might have to wager one's salvation upon some prophecy based upon imperfect knowledge."    
Those who might struggle from such imperfect knowledge, might appreciate these words:  
"A lack of knowledge might create fear. Seeking knowledge might create courage."   
Those who might then seek such knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"Intelligence might be what one might use when one might not know what to do."   
Those who might seek to understand such intelligence, might appreciate these words:   
"Prediction might not just be one of the things one's brain might do. It might be the primary function of the neo-cortex, and the foundation of intelligence."    
Those who might seek to make such predictions, might appreciate these words:   
"The best way to predict the future might be to create it."    
Those who might seek to create such future, might appreciate these words:   
"The start to a better world might be the belief that it might be possible."    
Those who might seek to discover such better world, might appreciate these words:   
"The future might belong to those who might believe in the beauty of their dreams."   
Those who might seek to understand such belief, might appreciate these words:   
"A belief might be something one might argue about. A conviction might be something one might be willing to die for."   
Those who might be tempted to die for their conviction, might appreciate these words:   
"Convictions might be more dangerous enemies of truth than lies."   
One might understand one reason, why such conviction might be dangerous through these words:   
"A total absence of self-doubt might be the first sign of insanity."    
Those who might seek to understand such insanity, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might be belief without evidence; coincidentally that might also be the definition of delusion."   
Those who might then seek do discover whether one might be delusional, might appreciate these words:   
"If it might be a miracle, any sort of evidence might answer, but if it might be a fact, proof might be necessary."   
Those who might seek such proof, might appreciate these words:   
"Besides it might be an error to believe that rigour might be the enemy of simplicity. On the contrary one might find it confirmed by numerous examples that the rigorous method might be at the same time the simpler and the more easily comprehended. The very effort for rigor might force one to find out simpler methods of proof."   
Those who might seek such simpler methods of proof, might appreciate these words:   
"In so far as a scientific statement might speak about reality, it might have to be falsifiable: and in so far as it might not be falsifiable, it might not speak about reality."   
Those who seek such reality, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be looking for a complete, coherent, and simple understanding of reality. Given what one might know about the universe, there might seem to be no reason to invoke 'god' as part of this description."    
Those who might seek to invoke such entity one might refer as "god" as part of such description of reality, might appreciate these words:   
"The lack of understanding of something might not be evidence for god. It might be evidence of a lack of understanding."   
Those who might lack such understand, might appreciate these words:   
"Partial knowledge might be more triumphant than complete knowledge; it might take things to be simpler than they might be, and so it might make its theory more popular and convincing."   
Those who might seek to be convincing without taking things to be simpler than they might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Conduct might be more convincing than language."   
Those who seek to understand such conduct, might appreciate these words:   
"It might not enough to have the courage of one's convictions, one might also have to have the courage to have one's convictions challenged."   
Those who might seek a way to challenge their conviction of such "god", might appreciate these words:   
"If an ontology might predict almost nothing it might end up explaining almost nothing, and there might be no reason to believe it."    
Those who might seek to understand such onthology, might appreciate these words:   
"What might be the fundamental nature of reality? Philosophers might call this the question of ontology – the study of the basic structure of the world, the ingredients and relationships of which the universe might be ultimately composed. It might be able to be contrasted with epistemology, which might be how one might obtain knowledge about the world. Ontology might be the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature of reality; one might also talk about 'an' ontology, referring to a specific idea about what that nature actually might be."   
Those who might seek to know what that nature might actually be, might appreciate these words:   
"The beautiful thing about science might be that one might not know what one might not be able to know and one might not know until one might know."   
Those who might seek to understand such science, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to revisit the idea that science might be a methodology and not an ontology."   
Those who might seek to revisit such an idea, might appreciate these words:   
"Challenges might make one discover things about oneself that one might never really have known."   
Those who might be tempted to avoid such challenges, might appreciate these words:   
"A strong conviction that something might have be done might be the parent of many bad measures."   
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"Bad decisions made with good intentions, might be still bad decisions."    
Those who seek to make good decisions might appreciate these words:   
"Good decisions might come from experience. Experience might come from making bad decisions."
Those who might seek to understand such bad decisions, might appreciate these words:   
"True ignorance might not be the absence of knowledge, but it might be the refusal to acquire it."   
Those who might seek to aquire such knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"The ultimate ignorance might be the rejection of something one might know nothing about and refuse to investigate."
Those who might seek such investigation, might appreciate these words:   
"Imagination might be the highest form of research."   
Those who might seek to understand such imagination, might appreciate these words:    
"Imagination might be the power of the mind over the possibilities of things."   
Those who might then realize such power which one might own, might appreciate these words:   
"Great power might involve great responsibility."   
Those who might not understand what such responsibility might involve, might appreciate these words:   
"Imagination might need to be used, not to escape reality but to create it."   
Those who might seek to create such reality, might appreciate these words:   
"The great secret might be a controlled imagination and a well-sustained attention, firmly and repeatedly focused on the object to be accomplished."   
Those who might struggle to accomplish such object, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to depend on one's eyes when one's imagination might be out of focus."    
Those whose imagination might be out of focus, might appreciate these words:   
"Sometimes, one might just have to close one's eyes and be thankful for everything."   
Those who seek to express such gratitude, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might we all be on the way to Pro?"
