One might find oneself with a sudden realization as in:
"One might voluntarily accept to exert effort tirelessly but one might not be able to accept to do so, when one might be distracted during one's flow."
Those who might struggle with such distraction, might appreciate these words: 
"The ultimate effort might be the effort to reduce everything else whatever it might distract from its intensity."
Those who might seek to reduce such distraction, but might have themselves gotten lost in the distraction, might appreciate these words:
"Whatever preceeding or succeeding 'I am' might be a distraction of one's mind, if one might be privileged enough to have one. It might be an identity, a habit or a vulnerability to be exploited by another."   
Those who might not be able to recognize such exploitation of oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be not what one might see, but what one might make others see."   
Those who might then seek such art, might then be able to realize the insanity of modern indoctrination to which some might preferred to refer to an organization as "education". There, one's offsprings might be taught to reject long term self preservation for short term exploitation.
Those who might then no longer seek to reject long term self preservation of oneself, might appreciate these words:
"The ultimate education might be to cultivate the ultimate effort. This might mean rejecting every other distraction than for one's longterm self preservation."   
Whether such cultivation of such "ultimate" effort might be actually ultimate, might be an individual matter to decide. Those who might then have then decided to accept such definition of such "ultimate" effort might then be able to realize one's responsibility to offer help to those who might not be able to decide for themselves, due to lack of understanding of the eventual fatal consequences of their actions. One might then appreciate the clarification of the first author of this document that the following sentence as a sovereign axiom which might need to be a definitive statement to enable the whole chain of assumptions and guesses using "might" to be able to be challenged as in:
"It might not be enough to have the courage of one's convictions, one might also have to have the courage to have one's convictions challenged."   
Those who might not have such convition might appreciate this document as a founding manifest for any beings open for any beings as long as the definition on "peace" might be able to be agreed. The first author might have sought to offer help to those who might have suffered, who might still be suffering, who might suffer in the future. By the 'goodness' in the defintion of 'good', which might be one's own long term self preservation, the first author might seek to prevent exploitation with the pretense of "education" by offering the following intentionally definitive statement as a designated point of failure:
"I am."   
Those who might not know how to challenge such conviction, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"


