One might find oneself trying to warn others as in:   
"It might be stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it might be close upon one."   
Those who might seek to understand such danger, might appreciate these words:    
"One's ignorance on corruption might be their power."    
Those who might seek to understand such corruption, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility" and these words:
"All power might tend to corrupt and absolute power might corrupt absolutely."    
Those who might seek to understand such corruption, might appreciate these words:   
"If knowledge might be power and power might corrupt, might knowledge corrupt?"    
One might find one way to answer such a question through these words:    
"Knowledge might not corrupt, unless it might be arrogant; but then it might not be true knowledge."    
Those who might seek such true knowledge, might appreciate these words:    
"Knowledge might become wisdom only after it might have been put to good use."    
One might then appreciate such wisdom:    
"Power might attract the corruptible. One might seek to suspect anyone who might seek it."    
Those who might seek to know, whom to suspect, might appreciate these words:    
"The more corrupt the state might be, the more laws there might be."    
Those who might be confronted with such a corruption of such a state, might appreciate these words:   
"While transparency might reduce corruption, good governance might go beyond transparency in achieving openness. Openness might mean involving the stakeholders in decision-making process. Transparency might be the right to information while openness might be the right to participation."    
Those who might then need to make decisions in general, might appreciate the following words:    
"Choice might be the essence of ethics: If there might be no choice there might be no ethics, no good, no evil; Good and evil might have meaning only insofar as one might be free to choose."    
Those who might seek to know, what one might seek to choose, might appreciate these words:    
"Ethics might be defined as the obligations of morality."    
Those who might seek to understand such morality, might appreciate these words:    
"Morality might not the doctrine of how one might make oneself happy, but how one might make oneself worthy of happiness."   
Those who might seek to make themselves worthy of such happiness, might appreciate these words:   
"Relationships based on obligation might lack dignity."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"One might not give others dignity. One might affirm dignity."   
Those who might then seek to affirm such dignity, might appreciate these words:   
"Humor might be an affirmation of dignity, a declaration of one's superiority to all that might befall one."   
Those who seek such humor, might appreciate the chapter on "humor". Those who might struggle to make such declaration, might appreciate these words:   
"The dignity of the artists might be in their duty of keeping awake the sense of wonder in the world. In this long vigil they might often have to vary their methods of stimulation; but in this long vigil they might also be themselves striving against a continual tendency to sleep."
Those who might then struggle with their tendency to sleep, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might seek to awaken all of humanity, then one might seek to awaken all of oneself, if one might seek to eliminate the suffering in the world, then one might seek to eliminate all that might be negative in oneself. Truly, the greatest gift one might have to give might be that of one's own self-transformation."   
Those who might seek such self-transformation, might appreciate these words:    
"One might have a high moral responsibility to be rational."    
Those who might feel resistance towards that such responsibility, might appreciate these words:    
"The rationality of the ruled might always be the weapon of the rulers."    
Those who might then see protection against such weapon, might appreciate these words:   
"The end point of rationality might be to demonstrate the limits of rationality."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be necessary through these words:   
"One's reason might be able to excuse any evil."    
Those who might seek to understand such evil, might appreciate these words:   
"Morality which might be based on ideas, or on an ideal, might be an unmitigated evil."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The rules of morality might not be the conclusion of one's reason."   
Those who might seek to rules of morality which might not be the conclusion of one's reason, might appreciate these words:   
"The reasonable one might adapt oneself to the world; the unreasonable one might persist to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress might depend on the unreasonable one."   
Those who might seek to make such progress, might appreciate these words:   
"Morality might be a test of one's conformity rather than one's integrity."   
Those who might be tempted to conform, might appreciate these words:    
"One of the truest tests of integrity might be its blunt refusal to be compromised."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"If one might ever be tempted to look for outside approval, realize that one might have compromized one's integrity. If one might need a witness, one might be one's own."   
Those who might seek to be their own witness, might appreciate these words:    
"Fear might only be able to be mastered outside of one's comfort zone."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"One who might avoid suffering might be a slave to comfort."    
Those who might then seek confront such suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"The pathway to one's greatest potential might be straight through one's greatest fears!"    
Those who might seek such pathway, might appreciate these words:    
"Wisdom might be knowing the right path to take. Integrity might be taking it."    
Those who might seek to understand such integrity, might appreciate these words:    
"Integrity might be keeping a commitment even after circumstances might have changed."    
One might understand one reason, why it might be worthwile through these words:     
"When one might make a commitment, one might create hope. When one might keep a commitment one might create trust."    
Those who might seek to create such trust, might appreciate these words:   
"Trust might be the ultimate currency."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such currency through these words:   
"Trust might be the first step to love."   
Those who might seek such trust, might appreciate the following warning:   
"One might trust but one might seek to verify."   
Those who seek to verify, might appreciate these words:   
"Every genuine test of a theory might be an attempt to falsify it, or to refute it."   
Those whom such test might have failed, might appreciate these words:   
"Trust might take years to build, seconds to break, and forever to repair."   
Those who might seek to prevent such break might appreciate the following warning:   
"Trust might be earned, respect might be given, and loyalty might be demonstrated. Betrayal of any one of those might be to lose all three."   
Those who might seek to understand such loyalty, might appreciate these words:   
"Loyalty might be tricky like that. It might be a priceless gift and it might so easy to give to the wrong ones."   
Those who might seek to understand whom not to give one's loyalty to, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to recognise that there might not able to be relationships unless there might be commitment, unless there might be loyalty, unless there might be love, patience, persistence."   
Those who seek to understand such loyalty, might appreciate these words:   
"Loyaty might be returned."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:    
"One might seek to look out for those who might look out for one. Loyalty might be everything."   
Those who seek those whom might return such loyalty, might appreciate these words:   
"Loyalty might be what one might seek in friendship."   
Those who might seek such friendship, might appreciate the chapter on "friendship" and these words:   
"Friends might be the family one might get to choose for oneself."   
Those who might seek such family, might appreciate these words:   
"Blood might make one related, loyalty might make one family."   
Those who might seek to understand such family, might appreciate these words:   
"A family might be a family not because of gender but because of values, like commitment, trust and love."    
Those who might seek such trust, might appreciate these words:   
"The best way to find out if one might be able to trust someone might be to trust them."   
Those who seek to trust someone, might appreciate these words:    
"Trusting someone might be one's own decision. Proving one right might be that someone's choice."   
Those who might be struggling with those who might have proven not to be trusted, might appreciate these words:    
"Forgiveness might not be something one might do for other people. It might be something one might do for oneself to move on."   
Those who might struggle to forgive, might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"Trust might have two dimensions: competence and integrity. One might forgive mistakes of competence. Mistakes of integrity might be harder to overcome."   
One might understand why such mistakes of integrity are harder to overcome through these words:    
"Nothing might be at last sacred but the integrity of one's own mind."   
Those who might struggle to find a way to restore such integrity of their own mind, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might make mistakes, but only one with integrity might own up to them."    
One might understand that it might not be enough to own up to one's own mistakes as in:    
"A mistake might be valuable if one might do three things with it: recognizing it, admitting it, learning from it."   
Those who struggle to admit their mistakes might appreciate these words:   
"Apologizing might not always mean that one might be wrong and the other might be right. It might just mean that one might value one's relationship more than one's ego."    
Those who might seek to understand such ego, might appreciate these words:    
"All one might need to know and observe in oneself might be this: Whenever one might feel superior or inferior to anyone, that might be the ego in one."    
Those who might be tempted by such an ego, might appreciate these words:   
"A noble one might compare and estimate oneself by an idea which might be higher than oneself; and an average one, by one lower than oneself. The first one might produce aspiration; the latter ambition, which might be the way in which a vulgar one might aspire."   
Those who might seek to understand such ambition, might appreciate these words:   
"Ambition might not be what one might seek to do, but what one might be doing, for ambition without action might just be fantasy."   
Those who might then seek to put their fantasy into action, might appreciate these words:   
"Ambition might be vital, but dangerous: it might be a keen motive and a driving force, but over what edge might it be able to drive the artist?"   
Those who might seek to understand such edge, might appreciate these words:   
"Life and death might be balanced on the edge of a razor."  
One might appreciate the notion of the author that the expression "balanced on the edge of a razor" might be a metaphor for very delicate balance, which might be very easy to tip over. Those who might be tempted to drive oneself over such an edge to death, might appreciate these words:   
"One of the signs of insanity might be the belief that life after death matters more than current life."  
Those who might then seek to restore their sanity, might appreciate these words:   
"Ambition might fuel one, aspiration might guide one."   
Those who might then seek such guidance, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might be love taking the form of aspiration."   
Those who might then seek to understand such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Kindness in giving might create love."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to create love through these words:   
"The only thing one might never get enough of might be love, and the only thing one might never give enough of might be love."  
Those who might not be giving enough love, might appreciate these words:   
"It might not be about how much one might give but how much love one might put into giving."   
Those who might be tempted to give up on giving such love, might appreciate these word:   
"The enemy of love might not be hate. It might be indifference. The enemy of love might be turning away from those in need. The enemy of love might be doing nothing when one might be able to help one's fellow ones."   
Those who might then seek to help one's fellow ones, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to help everyone but everyone might be able to help someone."   
Those who might seek to help someone, might appreciate these words:   
"As for charity, it might be injurious unless it might help the recipient become independent of it."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"One might not be able to protect those one might love from life. Therefore, it might be essential that one prepare them for it."   
Those who might then seek to protect those whom one might love for life, might appreciate these words:   
"The only thing limiting one's aspiration might be one's imagination."    
Those who might then seek to reduce the limit of one's imagination, might appreciate the chapter on "imagination" and these words:   
"Until one might believe one might have options, one might continue to feel stuck."   
Those who migh then seek to believe that one might have such options, might appreciate these words:   
"Everything might be taken from one but one thing: the last of one's freedoms –  to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way."  
Those who might then seek to choose such attitude, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"
