One might find oneself seeking for happiness as in:    
"Most of those who might be searching for happiness might seek it outside of themselves. That might be a fundamental mistake. Happiness might be something that one might be, and it might come from the way that one might think."     
The understanding of the concept of such "happiness" might vary, but one might be able to agree to the following consensus:   
"Happiness might be the blissful state in which all needs might be satisfied."    
Those who might seek to understand such needs, might apreciate the chapter on "needs". One might then realize that such a state might be difficult to reach in a world, given the circumstances that one's source for knowledge might be full of contradicting misinformation. One might then try to resort to science, but given the subjective nature of the topic, one might be still left confused. One might then appreciate to read the following document critically with caution, to avoid the temptation of hedonism, which might be defined as:    
"When enough might not be enough, a hedonist might be born."    
Those who might seek to understand why such a hedonist might be born, might appreciate these words:   
"Hedonism might be be a rational response to a difficult life."    
Those who might struggle with such a difficult life, might appreciate these words:
"It might be easy to be a naive idealist. It might be easy to be a cynical realist. It might be quite another thing to have no illusions and still hold the inner flame."    
Those who might struggle to hold their "inner flame", which might be able to be understood as a metaphor, might find a way to reignite it through these words:
"In everyone's life, at some time, one's inner fire might go out. It might be then burst into flame by an encounter with another one."
Those who might seek to encounter such another one, might appreciate these words:    
"Next to doing a good job oneself, the greatest joy might be having someone else do a first class job under one's direction."   
Eventhough it might encourage some to become a tyrant,  one might also realize something good - the essence of joy. Which mgiht be that one might feel joy through action, because during action one might be able to reach the state of "flow", in which one might be able to forget ones own suffering without self destructive hedonism. One might then realize that one might be able to feel happiness and joy at the same time, while adressing ones own needs consciously. Those who might seek to address one's need consciously, might appreciate the idea that the highest need in the mentioned "hierarchy of needs" might be called "self transcendence", which might have been found later in the notes of the author of that another document. One might then understand that the reference of the mentioned quote "someone else do a first class job under one's direction" might be able to be understood as "self transcendence", which might be the very reason why the author of that quote might have called it "the greatest joy", because it might be indeed adressing one's own need of "self transcendence". Those who might seek such self transcendence, might appreciate the warning to offer only the capacity which might be abundant, because the world might operate with the following principle as in:    
"One might take what one might be able to get and hold on tight to it - by any means necessary. After all one might only live once."   
Those who might be suffering because they might think they might have nothing to offer, might appreciate the the following mantra:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."
