One might find oneself wondering why one might be hearing another reading out loud this letter. Those might appreciate these words:   
"One might have now attained the ultimate art of letter writing, which one might have always be told, might be to express on paper exactly what one might say to another by speech.   
One might understand one reason, why one might have prepared such a letter through these words:   
"Opportunity might make the love."   
One might then seek to cease such an opportunity to tell another, that one might find another more than just "likable". One might have not seen another not many times, but one might seek to ask another the following question:   
"Might one believe in love at first sight?"   
Those who might seek to not to answer, might appreciate the apology at this point for the sudden disturbance and one might stop reading this letter out loud in that very instance.  
One might seek to express deep gratitude for the willingness of another to pursuit the answer to such a question together.   
One might appreciate to know, that one might have decided to write this letter, because one might appreciate the following wisdom:   
"One might never get a second chance to make a first impression."   
One might appreciate the explanation that one might have sought to for one not to seem like a impulsive and curde approach through the effort and time of hand writing,and for another to be able to do something good for another, even this approach might not be successful, so that another might be able to smile, knowing that one might be worthy of love of another as in:    
"ultimate artist might not be one who might be inspired, but one who might inspire others."   
Even though it might be a cliche, but one might have found oneself struggling to see straight into the eyes of another for the brightness and blooming of the smile.   
Once one might have then discovered the enthusiastic spark in the eyes of another, while one might have conversed about one's ideas, one might have gotten the impression that the chemistry between one and another might have been right.   
Well, one might not know another not that long, but one might not need long time to discover, whether one might be a good fit for each other as in:   
"A soulmate might be someone whom, when one might meet, without thinking, without letting one's neocortex play into the decision, one might feel an instant familiarity, a sense of connection, a longing."    
Those who might have not found such a soulmate yet, might appreciate these words:   
"To say that one might wait a lifetime for one's soulmate to come around might be a paradox. One might eventually get sick of waiting, might then take a chance on someone, and by the art of commitment might become soulmates, which might take a lifetime to perfect."   
One might then seek to perfect such an art with another together as in:   
"Perfection might not be attainable, but if one might chase perfection, one might catch excellence."   
In one's everyday life one might have sought such excellence, during which these words might have helped:   
"Being deeply love by someone might give one strength, while loving someone deeply might give one courage."   
Now, one might know that it might be easy to tell someone that one might love another as in:   
"It might take a moment to tell someone that one might love them, but it might take a lifetime to prove it."   
Those who might have not much of such a lifetime, might appreciate these words:    
"One might not seek to count the days one might have left, but make the days one might have left count."
One might seek then seek to make such days count, might appreciate to the following offer for a friendship as in:   
"It might not be a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that might make unhappy marriages.   
One might then appreciate the following definition of friendship:   
"A friend might be someone who might know all about one and might still love one."   
One might further appreciate the following definition of love:   
"Love might be the wish to give, not to receive, something."   
Thus one might wish to give another which might be described through these words:   
"The most desired gift of love might not be diamonds or chocolate. It might be focused attention."   
And one might seek to implement it as described in these words:   
"The first duty of love might be to listen."   
Therefore one might seek to turn the words over to another, by asking the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"   
