One might find oneself seeking to understand the life of the first author of this document. Those who might then request the first author to offer such opportunity to read such biography of the first author as stated in habit nr. 26 in the chapter "originality", which might have been inspired through these words:   
"One might seek to be the hero of one's own story."   
In order to protect the privacy of the first author and those who might be associated with the first author, such story of the author of this document might never become avaiable to the public. Those who might get an offer by the first author to read such autobiography of the author, might appreciate the notion of the author to keep such a document private as in:   
"Love might be giving someone the power to completely destroy one, and hoping that they might not."   
Those who might not have the competence to keep such document private, might appreciate these words:   
"The challenge might not be lack of competence, it might be confidence without competence."    
One might understand one reason, why such confidence without competence might be a challenge through these words:   
"Trust might be a function of two things: character and competence. Character might include one's integrity, one's motive and one's intent with others. Competence might include one's capabilities, one's skills, and one's track record. Both might be vital."
Those who might lack such competence might appreciate the idea to reject such offer. Those who might have rejected such offer, might appreciate the idea to write their own story until one might have such competence to keep such document of others private. Those who might be tempted to pretend to have such confidence, might appreciate these words:   
"One might create fake confidence for the same reason one might build fake self-esteem: to protect the sensitive parts of one's ego and to hide one's weaknesses and insecurities from the world for fear of being exposed as a fraud or as not good enough."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to commit such fraud through these words:
"When one might be penalized for honesty one might learn to lie."   
Those who might have learned to lie, might appreciate these words:   
"Every lie might be two lies, the lie one might tell others and the lie one might tell oneself to justify it."   
Those who might be tempted to tell oneself such a lie, might appreciate these words:    
"Self-deception might be the opponent of wholeness because it might prevent one from seeing oneself as one might really be. It might cover up one's lack of growth and keep one from coming to terms with one's real personalities."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to come to terms with one's real personalities through these words:   
"Inner peace might begin the moment one might choose not to allow others to control one's emotions."   
Those who might struggle to make such choice, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be not what happened to oneself, one might be what one might have choosen to become."    
Those who might not know, what one might seek to choose to become, might appreciate the idea to write an autobiography. Those who might not know how to start writing such an autobiography, might appreciate the idea to start with these words:
"One might appreciate the opportunity to read the following story how one might have found one's way to Pro."   
Those who might not know how to keep writing such a story, might appreciate the idea to ask oneself these questions:   
"Who might one be, where might have one been, and where might one be going for what reason?"   
Those who might seek further inspiration, might appreciate these words:   
"Strong minds might discuss ideas, average minds might discuss events, weak minds might discuss about others."   
Those who might seek such strength, might appreciate the chapter on "character". Those who might seek such an avarage mind might appreciate these words:   
"To the mediocre, mediocrity might be a form of happiness."   
One might understand one reason, why one might have been seeking such happiness through these words:   
"One might choose harm because one might mistake it for happiness, the good one might seek."   
One might understand one reason, why one might have made such mistake through these words:   
"Mediocrity might know nothing higher than itself, but talent might instantly recognize genius."    
Those who might think that they might lack such talent, might appreciate these words:   
"The important talent might be the talent to develop one's talent."   
Those who might seek to develop such important talent, might appreciate these words:   
"Talent might be everywhere, it might only need the opportunity."    
Those who might seek such an opportunity, might appreciate these words:   
"Talent guided by genius might be able to achieve anything."    
Those who might seek such guidance by such an genius, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might be born a genius and might be buried as an idiot."    
One might understand one reason, why one might become such an idiot through these words:   
"Every child might be an artist. The problem might be how to remain an artist once one might have grown up."   
One might understand one reason, why one might struggle to remain an artist growing up through these words:   
"There might be a lot of mediocrity being celebrated, and a lot of wonderful stuff might be ignored or discouraged."   
One might understand one reason, why one might ignore and discourage others through these words:   
"A single opinion might be comfortable. Comfort might be hostile to change. Progress might be uncomfortable because it might change the comfort."   
Those who might seek to understand such single opinion, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be hubris to think that the way one might see things might be everything there might be."   
One might understand why such progress from such such hubris might be necessary through these words:   
"Hubris itself might not let one be an artist."    
One might understand one reason, why one that might be through these words:
"True artist might not be one who might be inspired, but one who might inspire others."   
Those who might seek to inspire others, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might tolerate mediocrity, one might get more of it."    
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to tolerate such mediocrity through these words:   
"When one might be tired, one might be attacked by ideas one might have conquered long ago."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be tired through these words:    
"Nobody might realize that some might expend tremendous energy merely to be normal."    
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why might seek to be normal through these words:   
"Conformity might be the only virtue and anyone who might refuse to conform might have to pay the penalty."   
Those who might resent such penalty, might appreciate these words:   
"A punishment might not be self-explanatory. It might serve no purpose until those who might be serving it might know the real reason for being punished."   
Those who might seek to understand such reason for being punished, might appreciate these words:   
"Discipline of others might not be punishment. One might discipline to help, to improve, to correct, to prevent, not to humiliate, or retaliate."   
Those who might not understand what others might have sought to prevent, might appreciate these words:   
"Education might be learning what one might have not even known that one might have not known." 
Those who might be tempted to reject such education, might appreciate these words:   
"True ignorance might not be the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."  
Those who might be tempted by such ignorance, might appreciate these words:   
"All of one's ignorance might bring one closer to death."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"It might be stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it might be close upon one."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to prevent the death of others through these words:   
"If one might love someone, one might do anything to prevent their death."    
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why one might love someone, might appreciate these words:   
"True art might be characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist."    
Those who might have not have such such urge, might appreciate these words:    
"One might be able to only get hurt so much before one might get numb."   
Those who might have gotten numb to one's urge, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be to console those who might have been broken by life."    
Those who might then tempted to remain broken, might appreciate these words:   
"The tragedy might not be that one might be broken. The tragedy might be that one might not be mended again."   
Those who might be tempted by remaining in such tragedy, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-pity might be egotism undiluted, after all – self-centeredness in its purest form."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"But as long as one might continue to use one's misfortune to one's advantage in order to be 'special', one might always need that misfortune."   
One might understand one reason, why seeking to be 'special' might be selfish through these words:   
"Selfishness might not be living as one might wish to live, it might be asking others to live as one might wish to live."   
One might understand one reason., why one might be tempted by such selfishness through these words:   
"The love and attention one might have always thought one wanted from someone else might be the love and attention one might first need to give to oneself."    
Those who might seek to give such love and attetion to oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Mediocrity might be able to talk, but it might be for genius to observe."   
Those who might seek to make such observation, might appreciate these words:   
"Observations often might tell one more about the observer than the observed."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The eyes might see only what the mind might be prepared to comprehend."    
Those who might then seek to prepare to comprehend, might appreciate the idea to ask themelves the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"   