One might find oneself wondering the following question in despair:
"How might one have gotten here?"    
Those who might seek to escape such devastating situation, might appreciate the idea to contact local authorities. Those who might seek prepare themselves for such an situation, appreciate these words:   
"The world might not only be destroyed by those who might do evil, but by those who might watch them without doing anything."     
One might understand one reason, why the wthat might be through these words:   
"Everyone might be guilty of all the good one did not do."   
Those who might feel such guilt, might appreciate these words:   
"Once one might hide the truth, truth might become one's unbearable burden."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author of this document that there might be individuals who might not feel that hiding such truth might be such a unbearable burden as in:   
"A guilty conscience might mean that at least one might have one."   
Those who might then seek to understand those whithout conscience, might appreciate these words:   
"No one might choose evil because it might be evil; one might only mistake it for happiness, the good one might seek." 
Those who might seek such good, might appreciate these words:   
"To remove ignorance might be an important branch of benevolence."   
Those who might seek to understand such benevolence, might appreciate these words:   
"The best help that benevolence and philanthropy might be able to give might be that which might induce everyone to help oneself."   
Those who mgiht seek to offer such benevolence to others, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to help others that might not want to be helped."   
Those who might understand one reason, why they might not seek such help through these words:   
"Only idiots might refuse to change their minds."   
Those who might still refuse to change their minds, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not always be demanding solidarity from others and then refuse to show it oneself."   
Those who might demand such solidarity but refuse to show it oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Selfishness might not be living as one might wish to live, it might be asking others to live as one might wish to live."   
Those who might be confronted with those who might be selfish, might appreciate the following subjective summerization of the author on the concept in psychology called "dark triad":   
First trait might be narcissism, which might be able to be described as following:   
"Since narcissists might deep down feel themselves to be faultless, it might be inevitable that when they might be in conflict with the world they might invariably perceive the conflict as the world's fault."   
Those who think they might be faultless, might appreciate these words:   
"The greater the artist, the greater might be the doubt. Perfect confidence might be granted to the less talented as a consolation prize."    
Those who might realize that they might be less talented as one might have thought, might appreciate these words:   
"One might sometimes be able to learn more working with less talented ones, because one might learn to survive."
Those who might have been forced to survive, might appreciate these words:   
"Gaslighting might be a form of psychological manipulation and emotional abuse. The gaslighter avoids responsibility for their toxic behavior by lying and denying and manking one question facts, one's memory and one's feelings."
Those who might seek to understand what such toxic behaviors might be, might appreciate these words:   
"A toxic one might only change their victims, never oneself."    
Those who might seek to help those who do not seek to change themselves, might appreciate these words:   
"Before one might heal someone, ask them if they might be willing to give up the things that might make them sick."   
Those who might seek to understand what might make such individuals sick, might understand through these words:   
"If one's ego might be hurt one might become angry. One might seek to understand that ego itself might be a disease. One might seek to dissolve one's ego as far as possible. If one might have inferiority complex, or have a very deficient ego one might loose one's temper very easily."
Those who might seek to heal might appreciate the chapter "preperation", "friendship" and "integrity".   
Second trait might be machiavellianism, which might be the exploitative action such as manipulation towards others. The term might have been coined by the name of the author of another document referred to as "The prince". That document might have been written in order to justify the surival of future tyrants one might have referred to as "king" and "prince" as in:   
"Tyrants might always find a pretext for their tyranny."   
Those who might seek to understand such pretext, might appreciate these words:   
"Legitimacy, when challenged, might base itself on an appeal to the past, while justification might relate to an end that might be in the future. Violence might be justifiable, but it might never be legitimate."
Those who might seek to understand how such tyrants might have emerged, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be by nature a tyrant, but one might become a tyrant by power conferred on one."   
Those who might seek to understand why one might confer such power to such individuals, might appreciate these words:   
"Whatever one's weakness might be, there might be someone to exploit it."    
Those who might seek to to recognize such weakness, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might deny one's shadow it might become one's tyrant."    
Those who mightseek to understand such shadow, might appreciate these words:   
"Fear might be ignorance's first shadow."   
Those who might have sought to face such shadow might have introduced and enforced principles referred to as "seperation of powers" as in:
"There might as yet no liberty if the power of judging might not be separated from legislative power and the executrix."
Those who might seek such liberty, might appreciate these words:   
"Liberty might not be able to be preserved without general knowledge among the citizens."
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Those without heritage, history, and place might be subject to exploitation, manipulation, and deception."    
Those who might be such subjects, might appreciate the advice not to neglect their effort to study the chapters "clarity", "peace" and "home". 
Third trait might be antisocial personality disorder which might be able to be recognized in the remorseless antisocial behavior as in:
"A lack of empathy might be a defining characteristic of the antisocial personality disorder."   
Those who might seek to protect against those, might appreciate the chapter on "protection". Those who might then demonize such individuals, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be so easy to begin to demonize someone one might think might so far be removed and as the demonization might begin to expand, it might end up being everybody but one's friends. After a while it might be everybody else but one. That might be a slippery slope that might be so easy to slide down, and that might be what might be dangerous."   
One might then appreciate the annotation that not all of such individuals might be inherently harmful. There might have been observations of individuals, who might have contributed to society by making correct decisions without hesitation. One might appreciate the notion of the author that sadism might be also part of the umbrella term antisocial personality disorder, and that there might have been the term "dark tetrad" instead of "dark triad". One might appreciate the idea not to neglegt to deepen the understanding of such "dark triad"  to prevent extinction of humanity as in:
"There might be something in human beings, not all human beings, that might be ready for the change in consciousness. It might need to happen now if humanity might not be to destroy itself and the planet."
Those who might seek to make such change in consciousness, might appreciate these words:   
"History might repeat itself, but in such cunning disguise that one might never detect the resemblance until the damage might have been done."   
One might the appreicate the warning of those individuals to which one might be able to refer as members of of a group called "cults",
who might apply technique of manipulation under the pretext of "help" to exploit vulnabilities. Those might appreciate the the warning not to neglegt the research done on one's trusted search engine to avoid manipulation which might have fatal consequences as in:   
"The easiest way to end a cult might be to make that cult accessible."   
Those who might seek such accessiblility and might not have capability for such research, might appreciate the notion on "BITE" model, which might be an extensive list of specific influence of a high control group to classify as a cult. Details might be found here: https://freedomofmind.com/cult-mind-control/bite-model-pdf-download/ [2025.05.11]
The author of this document might appreciate all current and future efforts to prevent an abuse of this documentby a "cult" for the following definition of the term "cult":   
"One might me a member of a 'cult', who might have enough capacity for reasoning to self identify as a member of an organization towards other members of such an organization, which might only be able to sustain itself through exploitation resembling totalitarian control over it's members, who might not be able to leave such an organization without retaliation. Such exploitation might include recruitment of new members through manipulation and deception, personal resources of it's members, commandments to harmful acts which might threaten long-term survival of the species of it's actively participating members regardless of whether unknowlingly or knowingly. Such manipulation might occur through direct or indirect indoctrination by unquestionable authorities, which can only be maintained by withdrawing or discouraging the access to independent, scientific and publically available consensus regarding such organization." 
The author might be aware of the broad definition and appreciates all effort to improve that definition, given the possibility that members of such organization might deny their membership, their actions, their intent or consequences of their actions might have been harmful. In that case, one might appreciate the advise not to neglect sufficient strategization of ensuring one's own protection given the possiblility of retaliation in order to request assistance by local authorities.    
Those who might seek to prevent such harm, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might we all be on the way to Pro?"   
