One might find oneself in a civilization at the brink of destruction as in:    
"A great civilization might not be conquered from outside until it might have been destroyed itself from within."    
One might understand one reason why such a civilization might be destroyed from within through these words:   
"Every high civilization might decay by forgetting obvious things."   
Those who might seek to understand such "obvious things", might appreciate these words:   
"The most dangerous creation of any society might be those who might have nothing to lose."   
One might understand one reason, why they might be dangerous through these words:   
"It might be good to be scared, it might mean one might still have something to lose."   
Those who might think that they might have nothing lose, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no hope without fear, and no fear without hope."   
Those who might have not hope, might appreciate these words:   
"Without hope, there might be no despair. There might be only meaningless suffering."   
Those who might struggle with such meaningless suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be but one truly serious philosophical challenge and that might be whether to unalive oneself."   
Those who might be considering whether to unalive oneself, might be advised to consult mental health care professionals. Those who might struggle with such a philosophical challenge, might appreciate these words:
"Faith might be the courage to confront reality with hope."   
Those who might seek to understand such faith, might appreciate the chapter on "faith" and these words:   
"Optimism might be the faith that might lead to achievement."
Those who might seek to understand such optimism, might appreciate these words:   
"A pessimist might see the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist might see the opportunity in every difficulty."   
Those who might be tempted by such pessimism, might appreciate these words:   
"Pessimism might never have won any battle."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Pessimism might often be a failure of imagination. If one might be able to imagine the future being brighter, it might lift one's energy and might stimulate the chemistry in one's body that might produce a sensation of happiness."   
Those who might seek to understand such sensation of happiness, might appreciate these words:   
"Pleasure might always be derived from something outside of one, whereas joy might arise from within."   
Those who might be tempted by such pleasure, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might not be able to find a deep sense of meaning, one might distract oneself with pleasure."
Those who might be tempted by such distraction, might appreciate these words:   
"The senses might deceive from time to time, and it might be prudent never to trust wholly those who might have deceived one even once."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:
"One point might have already been proven. Everything that might have happened once might be able to happen again."   
Those who might then seek to understand, why such a pleasure might be able to distract one, might appreciate these words:   
"True debauchery might be liberating because it might create no obligations."   
Those who might be tempted to liberate oneself from such obligation, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might ask of every individual a contribution, and it might be up to that individual to discover what it might be."   
Those who might be tempted to refuse to discover such contribution, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not sacrifice for what one might want, what one might want might become the sacrifice."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author that there might have been attempts to actively sacrifice all of one's desires for the peace of one's own mind as in:   
"World peace might never be stable until enough might achieve inner peace to stabilize it."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author of this document that at the time of writing  ( \today ) such attempts might have not been able to reach critical mass to document a consensus on the successful maintenance of long-term sustainable world peace. One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:    
"Dissociation might appear to be the internal mechanism by which terrorized ones might be silenced."   
Those who might be tempted to silence one's own mind, might appreciate these words:   
"When listening for danger, one might have to never mistake silence for safety."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The absence of evidence might not be the evidence of absence."   
Those who might seek such absence of danger, might appreciate these words:   
"Peace might not be absence of conflict, it might be the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means."   
Those who might then seek such peace, might appreciate these words:   
"The world might not only be destroyed by those who might cause harm, but by those who might watch them without doing anything."   
Those who might then seek to prevent such destruction, might appreciate these words:   
"Enlightenment might be one's emergence from one's self-incurred immaturity."   
Those who might seek emerge from such self-incurred immaturity, might appreciate these words:   
"'Love of fate' might mean the unconditional acceptance of all life and experience: the highs and the lows, the meaning and the meaninglessness."    
Those who might seek to understand such fate, might appreciate these words:   
"Until one might make the unconscious conscious, it might direct one's life and one might call it fate."   
Those who might seek to make such unconscious conscious, might appreciate these words:   
"Consciousness might the awareness that might emerge out of the dialectical tension between possibilities and limitations."   
Those who might seek to understand such tension, might appreciate these words:   
"The absurd might be born of this confrontation between one's need and the unreasonable silence of the world."   
Those who might seek to understand why one might have such a confrontation through these words:   
"Responsibility might be the ability to respond."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be confronted with an irresponsible world through these words:   
"If one might live in bad faith, lies might appear to one like the truth."    
Those who might seek to understand such lies, might appreciate these words:   
"Some philosophies might be questions that might never be answered, some religions might be answers that might never be questioned."   
Those who might be confronted with such religions, might appreciate these words:   
"Some religion might attack one in one's deepest integrity by saying one might not be a able to make a moral decision without it."  
Those who might seek to make such moral decision without religion, might appreciate these words:   
"The oneness of one's own kind might be the basic ethical thread that might hold one's own kind together."   
Those who might seek such oneness, might appreciate the chapter on "diversity" and these words:   
"The strength of a civilization might not be measured by its ability to fight wars, but rather by its ability to prevent them."    
Those who might seek to prevent such war, might appreciate these words:      
"There might be sufficient resources in one's world to answer the needs of all, but not enough to satisfy everyone's greed."   
Those who might seek to understand such greed, might appreciate these words:   
"Greed might be the assumption that it might be all for one's consumption."
One might understand why one might make such assumption through these words:    
"One's nature might be inherently harmful, and thus goodness might be caused by intentional activity."   
Those who might realize their own harmful nature, might appreciate these words:   
"Even if it might not be one's fault, it might be one's responsibility."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to take such responsibility through these words:   
"But the simple fact of bearing a responsibility might be able to be something that might give meaning to one's life."
One might understand one reason, why taking responsibility might be able to give meaning through these words:   
"The absurd might depend as much on one as on the world. For the moment, it might be all that might link them together."   
Those who might seek to link one with the world, might appreciate these words:     
"Life might have meaning only if one might do what might meaningful to one."    
Those who might not be able to find something meaningful to do, might appreciate these words:   
"If there might be meaning in life at all, then there might have to be meaning in suffering."   
Those who might seek such meaning in one's suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"Pain might be inevitable. Suffering might be optional."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:   
"Pain might only be bearable if one might know that such pain might end, not if one denies such pain might exist."  
Those who seek to know, when such pain might end, might appreciate these words:    
"Suffering might cease to be suffering at the moment it might find a meaning."   
Those who might seek to find such meaning, might appreciate these words:   
"The literal meaning of life might be whatever one might be doing that might prevent one from unaliving oneself."   
Those who might have not found such meaning yet, might appreciate these words:   
"The meaning of one's life might be to help others find meaning in theirs."   
Those who might seek to help find others meaning in their lives, might appreciate the following summarization of the  "three principles of logotherapy", which might be an effective method to help those who might not be able to find meaning in their own lives on their own. Those who might seek such therapy, might appreciate the explicit advice of the author of this current document to seek professional help, since in most countries medical advises might only be permitted to give by professional health care workforces.   
The first principle: "Life might have meaning under all circumstances, even the most miserable ones."    
The second principle: "One's main motivation for living might be one's will to find meaning in life."   
The third principle: "One might have freedom to find meaning in what one might do, and what one might experience, or at least in the stance one might take when confronted with a situation of unchangeable suffering."  
Those who might be confronted with such unchangeable suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"One who might have a why to live for might be able to bear almost any how."   
Those who might seek such reason, might appreciate these words:   
"True art might be characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist."   
Those who might seek to understand such irresistible urge, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more truly artistic than to love."    
Those who might seek to love, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be the wish to give, not to receive, something."   
Those who might seek to understand what one might seek to give, might appreciate these words:   
"The best way to develop responsibility in others might be to give them responsibility."   
Those who might seek to give others such responsibility, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have the responsibility not to allow the voice of humanity within one to be silenced."   
Those who might seek to understand such "voice of humanity", might appreciate the chapter on "humanity" and these words: 
"It might be easy to be a naive idealist. It might be easy to be a cynical realist. It might be quite another thing to have no illusions and still hold the inner flame."    
Those who might struggle to hold their "inner flame", which might be able to be understood as a metaphor, might find a way to reignite it through these words:
"In everyone's life, at some time, one's inner fire might go out. It might be then burst into flame by an encounter with another one."
Those who might seek to encounter such another one, might appreciate these words:    
"Next to doing a good job oneself, the greatest joy might be having someone else do a first class job under one's direction."   
Even though it might encourage some to become a tyrant, one might also realize something good - the essence of joy. Which might be that one might feel joy through action, because during action one might be able to reach the state of "flow", in which one might be able to forget ones own suffering without self destructive hedonism. One might then realize that one might be able to feel happiness and joy at the same time, while addressing ones own needs consciously. Those who might seek to address one's need consciously, might appreciate the idea that the highest need in the "hierarchy of needs" mentioned in the chapter on "needs" might be called "self transcendence". One might then understand that the reference of the mentioned quote "someone else do a first class job under one's direction" might be able to be understood as "self transcendence", which might be the very reason why the author of that quote might have called it "the greatest joy", because it might be indeed addressing one's own need of "self transcendence". Those who might seek such self transcendence, might appreciate the warning to offer only the capacity which might be abundant as in:
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Weltschmerz, basically, might be the depression one might feel when bamboozlers, fanatics, manipulators, trolls, bigots, demagogues, fear-mongers, liars and prigs might threaten to take over the world, and there might be nothing, one might think, one might be able to do about it."  
Those who might be tempted to give up because it might seem that one might be able to do nothing, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might no longer be able to change a situation – one might be challenged to change oneself."  
Those who might seek to change oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Everything might be taken from one but one thing: the last of one's freedoms –  to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way." 
Those who might seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"If liberty might have any meaning it might mean freedom to improve."   
Those who might have not found such meaning yet, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to accept what one might not be able to change, and change what one might not be able to accept."   
Those who might seek to change one might not be able to accept, might appreciate these words:   
"Until one's mission might be an obsession, nothing might change in one's life."   
Those who might seek to make one's mission such an obsession, might appreciate these words:   
"When passion might meet inspiration, obsession might be born."   
Those who might seek such passion, might appreciate these words:   
"Passion might be energy. One might seek to feel the power that might come from focusing on what might excite one."   
Those who might not know, what one might excite one, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not have a passion, one might give up."    
Those who might be tempted to give up everything, might appreciate these words:   
"One might refuse to accept the view that one's own kind might be so tragically bound to war that peace might never be able to become a reality."   
Those who might seek such peace and kinhood, might appreciate the chapter on "peace" and these words:   
"One's mission in life might not merely to survive, but to thrive and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style."
Those who seek to thrive might appreciate the chapters "hope", "peace", "good" and "responsibility". Those who struggle to thrive might appreciate these words:
"The magic one might be looking for might be in the work one might have been avoiding."   
Those who might seek to know what one might have been avoiding, might appreciate these words:   
"The only way to deal with an unfree world might be to become so absolutely free that one's very existence might be an act of rebellion."  
Those who might seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"To rebel or revolt against the status quo might be in the very nature of an artist."   
Those who might seek to be such an artist, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:     
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"

