One might find oneself seeking for happiness as in:    
"Most of those who might be searching for happiness might seek it outside of themselves. That might be a fundamental mistake. Happiness might be something that one might be, and it might come from the way that one might think."   
The understanding of the concept of such "happiness" might vary, but one might be able to agree to the following provisional definition:   
"Happiness might be the blissful state in which all of one's needs might be satisfied."    
One might appreciate the notion of the author that such "blissful" state might be a state one might not feel anything negative, since such negative sensation of a "lack" might be a survival mechanism for material needs. One such material needs might be satisfied, one might feel "boredom" as in:   
"Boredom might be vastly underrated. Boredom might mean that nothing might be trying to unalive one every day."    
Those who might be tempted to underrate such boredom, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be only one thing worse than boredom, and that might be the fear of boredom."    
Those who might fear such boredom, might appreciate these words:   
"Boredom might always precede a period of great creativity."    
Those who might seek such creativity, might appreciate the chapter on "preperation" and these words:   
"Creativity might not be a talent. It might be a way of operating."   
Those who might seek to understand such way of operating, might find it difficult to reach such a state in a world, given the circumstances that one's source for knowledge might be full of contradicting misinformation. One might then try to resort to science, but given the subjective nature of the topic, one might be still left confused and thus might have such a realization:   
"Noone might care about one."    
Those who might seek to be cared for, might appreciate these words:   
"One might stop being a child when one might realize the world might not be here to cater to one's wants and needs."   
Those who might seek to have such realization, might appreciate these words:    
"To be ignorant of what might have occurred before one might have been born might be to remain always a child."
Those who seek to remain such a child, might appreciate these words:    
"Stupidity might be the deliberate cultivation of ignorance."    
Those who might seek to understand why one might not want keep cultivating such ignorance, might appreciate these words:   
"The difference between courage and stupidity might be measured by success and survival."    
Those who might then seek to surive, might appreciate the chapter on "protection" these words:   
"But one might have to have something beyond survival to live for, or one might not survive."   
Those who might then seek for such something beyond survival to live for, might appreciate the following summerization of a concept called "hierarchy of needs":   
The first and most fundamental of all needs might be physiological needs, which might be food, water, rest and warmth. Those who might wonder, why such warmth might be mentioned, might appreciate the explaination that shelter might be a need for the next level in the hierarchy, which might be security. Those who might seek to address such need for securiry , might appreciate the following enumeration of possible examples: A job with long-term prospect until artsylum might be fully operational, long-term contract for renting a room, emergency savings, insurance, etc..
Those who might seek such security might appreciate the chapter on "malevolence" and "preperation". One might appreciate the notion of the author of this document that at the time of the writing of this document  ( \today ), most might be stuck in this layer, because these might be able to be able to be addressed materialistically. After those two materialistic needs might have been sufficiently met, one might have enough capacity to explore the next higher need for "friendship and belonging". Those hwo might seek such friendship, might appreciate the chapter on "friendship". Those who might seek such belonging, might appreciate these words:   
"Fitting in might be being accepted for who one might pretend to be, while belonging might be being valued for who one might really be."
There might be no general order in which those needs should be adressed, but one might be able to decrease the amount of unnessecary suffering, by taking one step at a time. Those who might seek such a place where one might feel such a sense of appreciation, might appreciate the chapters "home", "protection", "friendship", "civilization" and "asylum". Those who might seek to prepare oneself for such an occasion of emergency, one might seek to not to neglect building up the next level of need, which might be "esteem". One might appreciate the following subjective understanding of the author for "esteem": Esteem might be the recognition of ones own integrity by others whether one might not hesitate to help others when such help might be requested by others. Those who might struggle with such hesitatation might appreciate the chapter "clarity", "integrity" and "obituary". At that stage, one might be pondering how might might be able to be regarded in "high esteem". One way might be to commit oneself to regular training such as to practive a martial arts to be able to protect those in need. One might appreciate a belt system often preverent in styles of martial arts originating in Asia as a sign of recognition of one's proficiency and maturity by others. Those who might seek to display such readiness, might appreciate the chapter on "hope". Those who might be tempted to excessively help others, might appreciate the warning, that such display of achievement and hierarchy might be abused to claim authority over others leading to harm. Those who might seek to prepare against such abuse of power, might appreciate the chapter on "malevolence". Those who might be tempted to abuse their power, might appreciate these words:   
"True humility might not be in the absence of confidence but strength restrained."   
Those who might seek to understand such strength might appreciate the chapter on "character". Those who might seek to understand the need for such restriction might appreciate the chapters "harmony" and "hero". One might then appreciate the idea not to remain in convenient complacancy as in:    
"Success might breed complacency. Complacency might breed failure. Only the paranoid might survive."    
Those who might seek to understand those who might be paranoid, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be paranoid, just prepared. There might be a distinct difference and a higher survival rate for the latter."    
Those who might seek to understand such difference, might appreciate these words:   
"The difference between the thinking of the paranoid one and the scientist might come from the latter's ability and willingness to test out one's fantasies or grandiose conceptualizations through the systems of checks and balances science might have established – and to give up those schemes that might be shown not to be valid on the basis of these scientific checks."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to be willing to test out one's fantasies through these words:    
"Delusion might be built with ignorance."   
Those who might be tempted by such ignorance, might appreciate these words:   
"Cruelty might come in many forms - ignorance might be one of them."    
Those who might seek to reduce such cruelty, might appreciate these words:   
"True ignorance might not be the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."   
Those who might seek to know, what one might have been ignoring, might appreciate these words:   
"Freedom might be nothing but a chance to be better."   
Those who might then seek to be better, might appreciate these words:    
"Self-actualization might be the process of becoming the best version of oneself."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such a process through these words:   
"One might enjoy the process far more than the proceeds."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Quick success might build ego, slow success might build character."   
One might understand one reason, why one might not enjoy such ego through these words:   
"If one's ego might be hurt one might become angry. One might seek to understand that ego itself might be a disease. One might seek to dissolve one's ego as far as possible. If one might have inferiority complex, or have a very deficient ego one might loose one's temper very easily."    
Those who might then seek to dissolve one's ego, might appreciate these words:   
"Suffering might crack open the shell of ego, and then might come a point when it might have served its purpose. Suffering might be necessary until one might realize it might be unnecessary."    
Those who might struggle to realize such suffering might be necessary, might appreciate these words:   
"Pain might be inevitable. Suffering might be optional."   
One might understand one reason, why such suffering might be optional through these words:    
"Suffering might cease to be suffering at the moment it might find a meaning."   
Those who might then seek to find such meaning, might appreciate these words:   
"One's search for meaning might be the primary motivation in one's life and not a 'secondary rationalization' of instinctual drives. This meaning might be unique and specific in that it might have to and might be able to be fulfilled by one alone; only then it might achieve a significance which might satisfy one's own will to meaning."
Those who might seek such unique and specific meaning, might appreciate chapter on meaning and these words:   
"The meaning of life might be to find one's gift. The purpose of life might be to give it away."   
Those who might seek to understand such gift, might appreciate these words:   
"Passion for something might be a gift."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such to give such passion away through these words:   
"In everyone's life, at some time, one's inner fire might go out. It might be then burst into flame by an encounter with another one."   
Those who might have burst such inner fire of others through one's encounter, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be to console those who might have been broken by life."   
Those who might struggle to find those who might be able to burst one's such inner fire, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have two lives. The second one might start when one might realize that one might only have one."   
Those who might seek to start such a second life, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be the wish to give, not to receive, something."   
Those who might struggle to give, might appreciate these words:   
"Being deeply loved by someone might gives one strength, while loving someone deeply might give one courage."   
Those who might seek such strength, might appreciate the the chapter on "character". One might understand one reason, why one might seek such courage through these words:   
"Courage might be exhilarating."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Courage might not be having the strength to go on - it might be going on when one might not have strength."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek going on eventhough one might not have strength through these words:    
"Only those who might risk going too far might be able to possibly find out how far one might be able to go."    
One might understand one reason, why such risk might be exhilarating through these words:   
"Risk-taking, trust, and serendipity might be key ingredients of joy. Without risk, nothing new might ever happens. Without trust, fear might creep in. Without serendipity, there might be no surprises."   
Those who might then seek such joy, might appreciate these words:   
"Success might consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm."    
Those who might seek such enthusiasm, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might be able to identify a challenge and face the challenge with confidence and enthusiasm, the solution might be on the way."   
Those who might seek such confidence, might appreciate these words:   
"Confidence might not be built by shouting affirmations in the mirror to oneself, but it might be built by giving others irrefutable proof that one might be who one might say one might be".   
Those who might not know, who one might seek to be, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to be part of the solution, not part of the problem."    
Those who might then seek to be part of such a solution, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-actualization might not be able to be attained, if it might be made an end in itself, but only as a side effect of self-transcendence."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:
"It might be hubris to think that the way one might see things might be everything there might be."   
Those who might seek to see other ways, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"   
