One might find oneself struggling as in:
"The two hardest things to say in life might be hello for the first time and goodbye for the last."
Those who are struggling to greet others for the first time, might appreciate the chapter on "clarity" and "unity".
Those who are struggling to say farewell for the last time, might appreciate these words:
"Only in the agony of parting might one look into the depth of love."
Those who seek to understand such depth of love, might appreciate these words:
"Sometimes love's final test might be letting go with grace and dignity."
Those who seek to understand such dignity, might appreciate the chapter on "integrity".
Those who seek to understand such grace, might appreciate these words:
"There might be a difference between grace and mercy. Mercy might be the decision of one not to punish oneself or another. But grace might the decision of one to save oneself or another.”
Those who seek such salvation, might appreciate these words:
"An idea might be salvation by imagination."
Those who seek such imagination, might appreciate the chapter on "imagination".
Those who seek such an idea for salvation, might appreciate these words:
"Grace might mean that all of one's mistakes now serve a purpose instead of serving shame."
"What might be the progress that one might have made what one's mind might think that it might be a mistake."
Those who seek to understand such mistake, might realize it through these words:
"The fear of death follows from the fear of life. One who lives fully is prepared to die at any time."
Those who fear such life, might appreciate these words:
"Pain might be only bearable if one might know it might end, not if one might deny that it might exist."
Those who are struggling from chronic pain, might appreciate these words:
"The salvation of one might lie only in making everything the concern of all."
Those who seek to make ones salvation the consern of all, might appreciate the chapter on "humanity".
Those who do seek to be concerned with salvation of others, might appreciate these words:
"There might be a great difference between worry and concern. A worried one might see a problem, and a concerned one might seek to solve such a problem."
Those who might be tempted to refuse to solve such problem, might appreciate these words:
"When confronted with a challenge, the committed one might search for a solution. The undecided one might search for an escape."
Those who seek to escape, might appreciate the chapter on "humor".
Those who seek to commit but struggle to do so, might appreciate these words:
"What might not kill one, might make one stronger."
Those who seek such strength might appreciate these words to stay committed to confront that fear:
"One might be going do this, even if it might cost one one's life."
Those who struggle to accept such cost, might appreciate these words:
"The price of anything might be the amount of life one might exchange for it.”
Those who might be tempted to refuse to pay such price, might appreciate these words:
"Value might not be determined by those who set the price. Value might be determined by those who might choose to pay it."

Those who seek to prepare oneself for one's own death might appreciate the advice to minimize the dependence to oneself through sufficienct documentation and training for one's successor. Those who do not know what to document, might find an inspiration for a simple way to prepare as the author did by wishing to mention only the following line in the obituary of the author:
"We might be all on the way to Pro."

Disclaimer: This document is just a philosophical essay not a testament with death wish.
All readers who is contemplating suicide is adviced to consult local health care professionals.
If there is no suitable local help available, one might find help at https://www.betterhelp.com
The author is not sponsored by that said organization, but it might be the quickest and most efficte way of help for some.
Further random helpful resouces for suicide prevention might be found at the following link: https://www.iasp.info/
The author will appreciate all efforts to take care of ones own health and as in the quote of a fictional character:
"Live long and prosper."
