One might find oneself having an internal conflict as in:   
"A flaw of one might be: the compulsion to be unique, which might be at war with the desire to belong to a single identifiable sameness."    
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why one might seek to belong to such identifiable sameness, might appreciate the chapter on "diversity". Those who might struggle from such compulsion, might appreciate these words:   
"To be identified with one's mind might to be trapped in time. The compulsion might arise because the past might give one an identity and the future might hold the promise of salvation, of fulfillment in whatever form. Both might be illusions. Life might be now."   
Those who might be struggling with such an identification with one's mind, might appreciate these words:   
"The merit of originality might not be novelty; it might be sincerity."   
Those who might seek to understand such sincerity, might appreciate these words:   
"Sincerity might be an openness of heart. One might find it in very few. What one might usually see might be only an artful dissimulation to win the confidence of others."
Those who might then seek to open such heart in a figure of speech, might appreciate these words:
"One might open one's heart knowing that there might be a chance it might be broken one day and in opening one's heart, one might experience a love and joy that one might never have dreamed possible."
Those who might seek to dream in such a way, might appreciate the chapter on "imagination". Those who might seek such novelty might be devastated upon these words:    
"Originality might exist in every individual, because everyone might differ from the others. Everyone might be all primary numbers divisible only by themselves."    
Those who might then seek such sincerity might apprecite these words:    
"Originality might come from just being true to oneself and what one might value about what one might be able to see."    
Those who might not be able to value what they see, might appreciate the following words:    
"Vision might the art of seeing what is invisible to others."    
One might understand, what might be "invisible to others" through these words:    
"Everything might have beauty, but not everyone might see it."    
One might understand one reason, why not everyone might see it through these words:   
"There might certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That might precisely be what might make its pursuit so interesting."   
Those who might be tempted by the idea of absolute standard of beauty, might appreciate these words:
"It might be amazing how complete the delusion might be that beauty might be goodness."
One might understand why such beauty might not be goodness through these words:   
"Danger might hide in beauty and beauty in danger."   
Those who might still seek to pursuit such beauty, might appreciate these words:    
"The standard of beauty might not be definite. One might define it for oneself."   
Those who might struggle to define one's own standards of beauty, might appreciate these words:    
"One's own standards of beauty might be a form of genius – might be higher, indeed, than genius, as it might need no explanation."   
One might understand oen reason, why such beauty might need no explaination through these words:   
"One might not seek to explain one's philosophy. One might seek to embody it."   
Those who might seek to understand such genius, might appreciate the chapter on courage and these words:   
"Talent might hit a target no one else might be able hit; Genius might hit a target no one else might be able to see."  
Those who might seek to hit a target no one else might be able to see, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have stopped explaining oneself when one might have realized others might only understand from their level of perception."    
Those who might seek to elevate their level of perception, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek first to understand, then to be understood."   
Those who might seek to understand, might appreciate these words:    
"The more original a discovery, the more obvious it might seem afterwards."    
Those who might seek such discovery, might appreciate these words:
"One might be what one might repeatedly do. Excellence might not be an act, but a habit."   
Those whose habit might seem to be hindering from such excellence, might appreciate these words:
"Tradition might be just peer pressure from the dead."
Those who might still be confronted with such peer pressure, might appreciate these words:
"If one might associate oneself with peer pressure or complacency, one might be destined for failure."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:
"How might one be able to find happiness without authentic self-esteem? How might one be able to be authentic when everything one might read, say, or do might be being fed into a judgment machine."   
Those who might be confronted with such a judgement machine, might appreciate these words:
"It might be impossible to design a system so perfect that no one might need to be good."   
Those who might seek to be good, might appreciate the following habits of the author, as an inspiration to improve upon, not as something to be followed without critial thinking as in:    
"Those who might seek to find oneself, might seek to think for oneself."   
Those who might have currently not enough capacity to think for oneself, might appreciate the idea to follow these habits until one might have enough capacity to think for oneself:   
    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 1: One might seek not to neglect the effort to survive.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 2: If one might find oneself in emotional distress, one might forgive oneself break the following the following habits:      
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 3: One might seek not to neglect the effort to write down the habits one might follow.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 4: When one might break one's habit, one might seek to write down the reason, what one might think might have caused it, and one might seek to learn from it, to prevent simiular incidences in the future.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 5: One might seek not to neglect the effort to be good.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 6: One might seek not to neglect the effort to curate one's own set of habits for one's own longevity to maintain the ability to recognize improvement.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 7: One might seek not to neglect the effort to prevent to be a direct or indirect cause of injuries or harm to artists. If such prevention of such incidences to all artists might not be within one's power, one might seek to prioritize those with the hightest chances of survival of those who might contribute the longest to the maintenance of the operation of "Voice of Humanity".    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 8: One might seek not to neglect the effort to offer help to artists, except where such requests would conflict with the Habit nr. 7.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 9: One might seek not to neglect the effort to protect one's own existence as long as such protection might not conflict with Habit nr. 7 or Habit nr. 8.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 10:  One might seek not to neglect the effort to avoid malevolent ones.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 11: One might seek not to neglect the effort to maintain one's own hope through carrying a light source with which someone else might be capable of signalling "SOS" in everyday life in case one might need to pass it on to someone else.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 12: One might seek not to neglect the effort to avoid the habit of regulary engaging in neurodegenerative activities.     
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 13: One might seek not to neglect the effort to avoid unaliving lifeforms unnecessarily, especially in order to maintain a sustainable diet without directly consuming or indirectly exploitating life forms which might have hearts. In case of limited options for such diets one might seek to avoid consumption and exploitation of lifeforms which might have mesolimbic reward system centered on the ventral striatum common in vertebrates attributed the capability for love. If one might find oneself in a situation with only such vertebrates as a food source, one might seek to choose first the individuals with the lowest neocortex to medulla ratio for an average specimen without using intentional or unintentional anatomical anomalies in individuals as an excuse. In case there might be only life forms which might have the roughly the same neocortex to medulla ratio as oneself, one might have to resort to cannibalism after all efforts to avoid cannibalism. One might then appreciate the option to resort to the following idea, which might be explicitly not endorsed by this document in order to increase the chances of one's offsprings, since they might have longer life span and might require less resoureces to surive:    
One might seek to avoid those parts such as brain, spinal cord, bone marrow and the nerve tissues which might include misfolded proteins called "Prions", which might cause transmissible spongiform encephalopathies, which might cause permantent damage in one's cognitive abilities such as reasoning. One might seek not to consume any parts without fully cooking but some pathogens contained in the intestins and blood might be able to survive such process. Those who might be tempted to judge those who might have surived through such cannibalism, might appreciate these words:   
"A truely starving one might not be able to ask what the meat might be."    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 14: One might seek not to neglect the effort to abide by the legal system, as long as it might not endanger one's own life, or of those one's life might depend on.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 15: One might seek not to neglect the effort to workout as one's workout system might tell one to do.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 16: One might seek not to neglect to effort to grow one's capacity for what one might refer to as "grit".    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 17: "One might seek not to promise when one might be happy. One might seek not to reply when one might be angry. One might seek not to decide when one might be sad."    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 18: One might seek not to neglect the effort to tell others that one might not like their specific behavior, if one might not be able to define such specific behavior as good for oneself.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 19: One might seek not to neglect to effort to "always play from the heart!"    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 20: One might seek not to neglect to effort to "do the task in front of one, before one might improvise."    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 21: One might seek not to neglect to effort to "be honest and transparent with one's methods and one's intentions."    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 22: One might seek to prioritize one habit for a year which might been broken frequently the previous year.     
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 23: One might seek not to neglect the effort to plan, but not to get too attached to those plans.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 24: One might seek not to promise what one might be not confident enough to keep.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 25: "Before one might speak one might seek to ask oneself: 'Might it be true? Might it be kind? Mit it be necessary? Might it improve upon the silence?'"    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 32: One might seek not to neglect the effort to abstain from contacting those who might not want to be contacted.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 26: One might seek not to neglect the effort to be the hero of in one's own story which one might call "life".    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 27: One might seek not to neglect the effort to express attraction unless such act might cause irrersible harm to others or oneself by asking whether they might be avaiable for a intimate relationship and if they might be avaiable to read them a handwritten letter. (One might appreciate the document called "letter" as a source of inspiration if one might not have the capacity to find words one might consider appropriate.)     
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 28: One might seek not to neglect the effort to focus on those actions which might be within one's control.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 29: One might seek not to neglect the effort to weight oneself in only once a month to monitor one's health and one's mental health.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 30: One might seek not to neglect the effort to maintain honorable friendship.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 31: "One might seek to surround oneself with those who might be good for the best part of one".    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 33: One might seek not to neglect the effort to "organize one's own workspace."    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 34: One might seek to pursue whatever one's current approach or approaches what one might consider one's "ultimate art".    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 35: One might seek not to neglect the effort to search for ways and opportunities to implement an "asylum" to prevent the extinction of humanity.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 36: One might seek not to neglect the effort to curate a hydroponic system to maintain independency from specific land.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 37: One might seek not to neglect the effort to go for a walk as much as possible.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 38: One might seek not to neglect the effort to maintain a daily habit of mental and phyical hygene, such as to meditate or to shower.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 39: One might seek not to neglect the effort to not have more than 42 rules.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 40: One might seek not to neglect the effort to leave one slot for a new rule free, in case, one might not have the resources to integrate it to one's list of habits.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 41: One might seek not to neglect the effort to keep this slot free according to habit nr. 40.    
Provisional proposal for habit nr. 42: One might seek not to neglect the effort to make a journal entry at least once a month, starting with recording the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"  
