One might find oneself in such a story as in:    
"One might not be able to avoid orphan stories. Every story might be an orphan story. Everyone might be orphaned sooner or later."   
Those who might have found themselves in such a story, might appreciate these words:   
"One might always have questioned if one might have been ready to adopt. Then one might have realized, no child might have been ready to be an orphan."   
Those who might not be ready to be such an orphan, but might have become one, might appreciate these words:   
"An orphan might be seek acceptance, but the ultimate orphan might also expect rejection."   
Those who might struggle to expect such rejection, might appreciate the chapter on "feedback". One might understand one reason, why one might seek such acceptance through these words:   
"There might be nothing more precious in this world than the feeling of being wanted."   
Those who might seek such feeling, might appreciate these words:    
"When one might accept oneself, one might be freed from the burden of needing others to accept one."    
Those who might struggle to accept themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"One might be learning to accept everything about oneself, even the part of one that might struggle to accept everything about oneself."    
One might understand one part of oneself, one might be struggling to accept through these words:   
"One's life might be a story. One might seek to write the one, one might seek to read."   
Those who might seek to write such a story, might appreciate these words:   
"The hero's journey might be inside of one; one might seek to tear off the veils and open the mystery of oneself."   
Those who might then seek to write about such hero's journey, might appreciate the chapter on "hero" and these words:   
"Autobiography might be an form of story for orphans, because it might begin with a sense of being alone."   
Those who might feel such a sense of being alone, might appreciate these words:    
"One of the most important things one might be able do might be to let others know that they might not be alone."   
Those who might seek to let others know that they might not be alone, might appreciate these words:   
"One might write to give oneself strength. One might write to be the characters that one might not be. One might write to explore all the things one might be afraid of."    
Those who might seek to write such story, might appreciate these words:    
"The scariest moment might always be just before one might start."
Those who might struggle with such a scariest moment, might appreciate these words:   
"One might either define the moment or the moment might define one."    
Those who might have been defined by such a moment of struggle, might appreciate these words:    
"It might be so hard to write a new story when one might do everything by the book."   
Those who might then seek to write such a new story, might appreciate these words:   
"While one might try to teach one's children all about life, one's children might teach one what life might be all about."    
Those who might then seek to know, what such life might be about, might appreciate these words:   
"Instead of questioning the way one might handle things, such as feeling guilty, one might seek to observe the moment as one's children might show one where one might need to grow, raising one up, what a gift that might be."   
Those who might then seek to grow, might appreciate these words:    
"There might be no such thing as a perfect parent, so one might just seek to be a real one."   
Those who might then seek to be such a real parent, might appreciate these words:   
"One's children might be one's universe, and one might look forward to living the rest of one's lives with them as the first priority."   
Those who might then seek to live the rest of one's lives with one's children as the first priority, might appreciate these words:   
"The art of parenting might not be about avoiding difficulties but learning how to embrace and enjoy them as challenges, for they might make both stronger."    
Those who might then seek become stronger, might appreciate these words:   
"Every day, in a hundred small ways, one's children might ask: Might one see them? Might one hear them? Might they matter? This behavior might often reflect one's response."  s 
Those whose children might have stopped asking such questions, might appreciate the chapter on "curiosity" and these words:    
"Curiosity in oneself might be but an appetite for knowledge. The great reason why one might abandon oneself wholly to silly pursuits and might trifle away one's time insipidly might be because one might find their curiosity blocked, and one's inquiries neglected."   
Those who might then find those who might have been abandoned either by themselves or by another, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might accept oneself, one might be freed from the burden of needing others to accept one."    
Those who might struggle to accept themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"One might be learning to accept everything about oneself, even the part of one that might struggle to accept everything about oneself."    
Those who might then seek to know, what part one might struggle to everything about oneself, might appreciate these words:    
Those who might struggle to admit that there might be a problem, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might deny one's shadow it might become one's tyrant."    
Those who might then seek to confront one's shadow, might appreciate these words:   
"Nothing might affect the life of a child so much as the unlived life of its parent."    
Those who might seek to understand such unlived life of one's parent, might appreciate these words:   
"Too much love might never spoils children. Children might become spoiled when one might substitute presents for presence."   
Those whose parents might have substituted presents for presence, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility". Those who might have no such child to offer such presence to, might appreciate the following enumeration of observation for ideas, which might be beneficial to such a child:   
- One might appreciate the idea not to choose a mating partner whose body scent one might not prefer, since there might be a genetic compatibility safety mechanism based in body scent, and if it might be ignored, there might be be the risk of disadvantageous genetic expressions in one's offsprings.   
- One might appreciate the idea not to choose a partner whose body scent one might not prefer, since there might be a genetic compatibility safety mechanism based in body scent, and if it might be ignored, there might be be the risk of disadvantageous genetic expressions in one's offsprings.   
Those whose scent might then have been accepted such a partner, might appreciate the idea to handwrite and read the content mentioned in the chapter on "letter".   
Those whose letter might then have been accepted such a partner, might appreciate the idea to discuss the most important and hard topics in the first 3 months before engaging in coitus, to prevent unwanted pregnancy with an unsuitable partner as in:    
"Dating might be for hard talks, marriage might be for nice memories."    
One might understand one reason, why such talks might be hard through these words:    
"Truth without love might be brutality, and love without truth might be hypocrisy."   
Those who might seek to know, what truth one might seek, might appreciate these words:    
"It might not be a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that might make unhappy marriages."   
Those who might then seek such friendship, might appreciate the chapter on "friendship" and these words:   
"A lifelong friend might be someone one might have not borrowed money from yet."   
Those who might be tempted to borrowed money from such a friend, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to borrow one's way out of debt."   
One might struggle with those who might have lost such a way out of such debt as in:   
"A borrower who might not return might be a beggar."   
Those who might struggle with such a beggar, might appreciate these words:   
"As for charity, it might be injurious unless it might help the recipient become independent of it."  
Those who might then seek to help such a beggar to become independent, might appreciate these words:   
"Autonomy and independence might involve taking care of oneself – not doing things that might diminish one."   
Those who might struggle with those struggling to take care of themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"Maturity might be learning to walk away from others and situations that might threaten one's peace of mind, self-respect, values, moral or self-worth."   
Those who might struggle with such maturity, might appreciate the chapter on "peace". Those who might seek to understand such maturity, might appreciate these words:    
"Enlightenment might be one's emergence from one's self-incurred immaturity."   
Those who mgiht seek to understand such immaturity, might appreciate these words:   
"Immaturity might be the inability to delay self gratification."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such enlightenment through these words:    
"One might stop being a child when one might realize the world might not be here to cater to one's wants and needs."    
Those who might struggle with one's such wants and needs, might appreciate these words:    
"The difference between want and need might be self control."
Those who might seek such self control, might appreciate these words:   
"The ability to discipline oneself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term, might be the indispensable prerequisite for success."    
Those who might then seek such ability to discipline oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-discipline might be the ability to make oneself do what one might be supposed to do, when one might be supposed to do it, whether one might feel like doing it or not."   
One might understand one reason, one reason why one might struggle with such seemingly overpowering emotions, through these words:   
"Nothing might affect the life of a child so much as the unlived life of its parent."    
Those who might still struggle with such unlived life of one's parent, might appreciate these words:   
"Even if it might not be one's fault, it might be one's responsibility."   
Those who might then seek such responsibility, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility" and these words:   
"The best way to develop responsibility in others might be to give them responsibility."   
Those who might struggle with those, who might have been given such a responsibility, might appreciate these words:   
"Whoever might be careless with the truth in small matters might not be able to be trusted with important matters."   
Those who might seek to know such a small matter to be trusted, might be to entrust something which might require care in order to survive, such a battery or organisms one might have been caring for to which one might refer to as "pet".   
Those whose partner might have not been careless with such truth in such matters, might the be able to come to an agreement after 6 months of dating to decide whether one might seek to marry such a partner or not, in order not to further waste the time of such a partner as in:
"Honesty might be telling the truth to oneself and others. Integrity might be living that truth."
Those who might then seek to discover whether one or one's partner might have such integrity, might appreciate the idea to express one's love towards one's partner in the way of one's partner and not just of one's own, since another might struggle to understand such expression of one because it might be unfamiliar to another. Those who might struggle to adapt one's such expression of love called "love language", might appreciate these words:    
"Love might be the art of giving without expecting and receiving without asking."   
Those who might seek such art of receiving without asking, might appreciate these words:    
"Those with a secure attachment style might know how to communicate their own expectations and respond to their partner's needs effectively without having to resort to protest behavior."
Those who might seek such secure attachment, might appreciate the chapter on transcendence. Those who might struggle to communicate such expectations, might appreciate the following enumerations of types of love languages:   
1. One might be able to understand all of the following expressions of love languages as "acts of service" by doing things one might guess that one's partner might appreciate as in:   
"One's nature might be inherently violent, and thus goodness might be caused by intentional activity."   
2. One might then seek such goodness by expressing "words of affirmation" by stating everyday appreciation towards one's partner, which might be obvious to one, but might not be obvious to another as in:    
"The discipline of gratitude might be the explicit effort to acknowledge that all one might be and might have might have been given to one as a gift of love, a gift which might be to be celebrated with joy."    
3. Those who might struggle to find such words of affirmation might seek to express one's love by "offering gifts" by giving thoughtful presents as symbols of love to another as in:   
"Love might be the wish to give, not to receive, something."   
4. Those who might struggle to find things which one might be able to be recognized as a gift, might then appreciate the idea to express one's love by offering "quality time" by giving another one's undivided attention as in:    
"The most desired gift of love might not be diamonds or chocolate. It might be focused attention."   
5. Those who might seek to offer such focused attention, might appreciate the idea to offer "physical touch" by using physical connection to communicate love as in:   
"Those who might seek to touch the body of those who might seek to become pregnant, might seek to reach for their emotions first. Those who might seek to reach the emotions of those from whom one might protection during pregnancy, might seek to touch their body first."    
One might understand the difference in the approach through these words:   
"Physical touch might be able to make or break a relationship. It might be able to communicate hate or love."    
Those whose love language might be interpreted as hate, might appreciate these words:    
"To heal might be to touch with love that which one might have previously touched with fear."   
Those who might seek to find those who might able to touch one with love, might appreciate the idea to invite one's partner to a meal, which might be able to be eaten using cutlery but also without such cutlery. Those who might struggle to eat without cutlery might struggle to touch one with such love. Those who might then seek to further discover further qualities of one's partner, might appreciate the idea to then ask one's partner to eat with such cutlery as in:   
"The purpose of etiquette might be to provide an easy set of rules which one might be able to follow when one might be in a hurry and want to make sure that one might not give offense to anybody."   
One might understand one reason, why one might not seek to give offense to anybody through these words:   
"The highest form of love might be consideration."   
Those who might then seek to be considerate, might appreciate the idea to ask or discover what the love language of one's partner might be and express one's love in the way of one's partner, so that they might reply with the following german idiom for realizing and appreciating the understanding of another for one:   
"There might be someone who might be speaking from one's soul!"
Those who might realize that another might not be able to speak the love language one might seek, might appreciate the idea to kindly but firmly deny such request for commitment for such a relationship through these words:    
"One might hope that another might find someone who might speak their language so one might not have to spend a lifetime translating their soul."   
Those who might struggle to find such someone who might speak their language, for whom one might not need to translate such soul, might appreciate these words: 
"To say that one might wait a lifetime for one's soulmate to come around might be a paradox. One might eventually get sick of waiting, might then take a chance on someone, and by the art of commitment might become soulmates, which might take a lifetime to perfect."    
Those who might then seek to commit their lifetime to translate their soul, might appreciate the chapter on "soul" and these words:   
"Souls might love. That might be what souls might do, which egos might not."   
Those who might seek such love, might appreciate these words:    
"One might never be able to know the love of one's parents until one might become a parent."   
Those who might then seek to become such parent, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not seek to be a parent when might be convenient for one. It might be a 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year commitment."   
Those who might then seek to make such a commitment, might appreciate these words:    
"Commitment might be what might transform a promise into reality."   
One might struggle to transform such a promise int reality as in:
"Language might help form the limits of one's reality."  
Those how might struggle with such limits of one's reality, might appreciate these words:  
"Love might be the most powerful force in the world, transcending all limits."    
Those who might seek such love to transcend such limits, might appreciate these words:    
"There might be no such thing as love; only proof of love."  
Those who might seek to proof such love of oneself towards one's partner, might appreciate these words:    
"It might take a moment to tell someone that one might love them, but it might take a lifetime to prove it."   
Those who might then seek to commit one's lifetime proving one's love, might appreciate the following idea called "engagement proposal" in order to prepare a ceremony called  "marriage", which might be the life long commitment to each other, in order to reduce unnecessary stress of one's partner who might become pregnant.
Those who might then seek to make such an engagement proposal, might then appreciate the following idea to kneel before one's partner, who might become pregnant and offer a ring designed to fit the "ring" finger of one's partner with these words:    
"One might seek to keep proving one's love to one's partner called [INSERT NAME OF THE PARTNER], even if it might take all of one's remaining lifetime."   
Those who might then seek to know whether one might seek to accept such an engagement proposal, might appreciate to assess what might be most important in order to transform such promise to reality through these words:    
"One might be savoring a promise by committing it to memory so one might be able to think about it in moments when one might need it most."
Those whose partner might have such commitment to such memory of one's partner, might then seek to accept such engagement proposal. One might then appreciate the idea to prepare to organize a matrimonial ceremony, which might inspire one's friends and families to support one's marriage in times of difficulty, by offering them a piece of cake, cut together by both partners, after they might have given the following vow to each other:    
"One might seek to be on the way to Pro with one's partner called [INSERT NAME OF THE PARTNER] by not neglecting the effort keep loving them through good and bad times until unpreventable death."   
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort for both providers of genetic material for the child to schedule such occasions for conception, in order to prevent missing the optimal or even the fertile time window altogether.   
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to research about each others anatomy, in order to minimize unintended pain.   
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to maintain best possible standards for hygiene and vaccinations, in order to prevent infections, which might later lead to infertility.    
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort for both providers of genetic material for the child to avoid consumption of alcohol and nicotine for at least half a year before either conception or providing of genetic material, in order to reduce the risk of disadvantageous epigenetic expressions.   
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort for both providers of genetic material for the child to be physically active as possible as described in the chapter on "cure" for at least half a year before either conception or providing of genetic material, in order to reduce the risk of disadvantageous epigenetic expressions.   
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort for the pregnant one to avoid ingestion of the following food, in order to reduce the risk of deficiency in growth of the child or even miscarriages: Vitex agnus-castus, raw or highly processed animal proteins such as raw fish, raw eggs, unpasteurized milk and it's derivative forms such as soft cheese, any unpasteurized fruit juice which might not have been made at one's home, unwashed fruits and vegetables to avoid exposure to toxoplasmosis, pesticide and or insecticides, unpasteurized refrigerated pates or meat spread, larger fish which might accumulate and contain mercury, smoked foods, raw sprouts, unripe fruits such as unripe papaya, foods containing caffeine such as chocolate, foods which might act like stimulants such as coa leaves, buffet food which might have been sitting out there too long, non-organic food, food stored in containers containing biphenyl or direct contact with styrofoam, [Todo Update]    
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort for the pregnant one to avoid ingestion of the following drinks, in order to reduce the risk of deficiency in growth of the child or even miscarriages:   
Alcohol, caffeine such as coffee, tea or hot chocolate, drinks stored in containers containing biphenyl or direct contact with styrofoam, [Todo Update]   
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort for the pregnant one to avoid ingestion of the following compounds, in order to reduce the risk of deficiency in growth of the child or even miscarriages:   
[Todo Update]   
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort for the pregnant one to ingest of the following foods, in order to reduce the risk of deficiency in growth of the child or even miscarriages:   
 [Todo Update]   
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort for the pregnant one to ingest of the following drinks, in order to reduce the risk of deficiency in growth of the child or even miscarriages:   
 [Todo Update]   
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to reduce stress such as emotional shock or shortage of resources for the pregnant one as much as possible, in order to reduce the risk of disadvantageous epigenetic expressions or even miscarriages.  
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to maintain an appropriate level exercise of the pregnant one, in order to reduce the risk of disadvantageous epigenetic expression or even miscarriages as described in the chapter on "cure".   
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to avoid getting infections of the pregnant for, in order to reduce the risk of disadvantageous genetic expression or even miscarriages.  
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort of the non-pregnant parent to hum gently of the belly of the pregnant one, in order to prime the child for soothing by voice also from the non-pregant parent.  
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to attempt vaginal childbirth, in order to increase the strength of the immune system through the exposure to the beneficial bacteria of vaginal canal and in order to induce the "stretching" of the spine of the child, which might be beneficial for the development of the cognitive abilities of the child.    
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort for the breastfeeding one to avoid ingestion of the following food, in order to reduce the risk or harm to the child:    
larger fish which might accumulate and contain mercury, [Todo Update]
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to breast feed the child, since the scent produced on the nipples might be beneficial to the development of taste buds beneficial for appetite of the child:   
Alcohol, caffeine such as coffee, tea or hot chocolate, drinks stored in containers containing biphenyl or direct contact with styrofoam, [Todo Update]  
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort for the breast feeding one to avoid ingestion of the following drinks, in order to reduce the risk or harm to the child:   
Alcohol, caffeine such as coffee, tea or hot chocolate, drinks stored in containers containing biphenyl or direct contact with styrofoam, [Todo Update]    
- Those who might seek to care for the child by feeding it from a baby bottle, might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to disinfect it using hot steam, in order to avoid bacterial infections.   
- Those who might have to rely on rely on powdered milk and might appreciate the idea to use two thermally insulated stainless steel bottles with thermometers in the cap, and calculate the amount of the mix of differently tempered water to reach the desired average body temperature which might be 37 degrees celsius using the following formula: [todo update formula]   
- Those who might seek to care for the child, might appreciate the idea to keep talking to the child, since it might be crucial to the development of the ability for language of the child.   
- Those who might seek to keep talking to the child, might appreciate the idea to support such speech to the child with the simple queues or sign language, so that the child might be able to communicate its needs deliberately before such needs might get too intense to de degree of crying:   
- Early hunger queues might be smacking lips, seeking breast or bottle, opening their mouth wide open. Mid hunger queues might stretching and squirming, sucking hands, small grunts and sights.   
- 
[Todo update]
- One might appreciate the following interpretation of the following explanation of the emission of the 5 ques of the child for the different needs:
"Neh": One might be hungry. 
"Heh": One might feel discomfort such as changing diaper. One might appreciate the idea to listen for the initial "H"-sound.    
"EH": One might feel discomfort such as seeking to burp. 
"EAIR": One might accumulation of gas, like compressing lower body. One might then seek to shake their hips as gentle as possible.
"Owh": One might be hungry, which might be based on the yawn reflex.
- Those who might seek to hold such baby in their arm, might appreciate the idea to support carefully the neck of the child. One might appreciate the idea to hold the baby with the belly side down so the child might be able to train it's neck by lifting it up by itself.   
- Those who might might seek to care for the child might have started to stand up, might appreciate the idea to have it wear a soft backpack which might be tall enough to cover the back of it's head so that the child falls backwards, that the fall might be cushioned.   
- One might appreciate the idea to call one's child as a gender neutral world such as "child" or by it's name, in order to avoid premature conditioning of gender stereotypes in order to cultivate a tolerant society.   
- One might appreciate sign

- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to attempt, in order to reduce the risk of disadvantageous epigenetic expression or even miscarriages.  



- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort , in order to reduce the risk of disadvantageous epigenetic expression or even miscarriages.   
- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to let the children to develop their physical abilities until the age of 9, in order to prepare them for future occasions, during which they might need such abilities which it might not be able to develop later on.   


- One might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to explain one's child the meaning of the following question:
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro??" 
