One might find oneself having such a realization as in:   
"One might have not known that one might have been a slave until one might have found out that one might not be able to do the things one might have wanted."   
Those who might seek to act upon their own volition, might appreciate these words:
"Those who might be able to have patience might be able to have what they might seek."
Those who might then seek to understand such patience, might appreciate these words:
"Patience might not be the ability to wait but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting."
Those who might seek to understand such attitude, might appreciate the chapters "meaning", "good", "hope" and these words:
"Patience might be power. Patience might not be an absence of action; rather it might be 'timing', it might be to wait on the right time to act, for the right principles and in the right way."
Those who might seek to understand such right time to act, might appreciate these words:
"There might be a time to let things happen and a time to make things happen."
Those who might seek to make things happen, might appreciate these words:
"There might be timing in everything. Timing in strategy might not be able to be mastered without a great deal of practice."   
Those who might seek to understand what variable to pay attention to, might appreciate these words:
"Timing and accuracy might really be what might matter at the end of the day."   
Those who might seek to start practicing such practice, might appreciate the chapter on "originality". Those who might seek to understand such timing to let things happen, might appreciate these words:  
"One might have to be able to let things happen."
One might find one reason, why the active decision for such permission through these words:
"One might not be what might have happened to one, one might be what one might have chosen to become."
Those who might seek to understand such a way to act and to be, might appreciate the chapter on "preparation". Those who might seek to understand such a principle to act, might appreciate these words:
"Patience might not be passive waiting. Patience might be active acceptance of the process required to attain one's goals and dreams."   
Those might struggle with the acceptance of such a process, might appreciate these words:
"To exist might be to change, to change might be to mature, to mature might be to go on creating oneself endlessly."   
Those who seek to take on such challenge, might appreciate these words:   
"Genius might be eternal patience."   
Those who might aspire to become such a genius, might then be devastated by the idea of not being able to reap the rewards during their life time. Those might then appreciate these words:
"One might suffer more often in imagination than in reality."   
Those who might seek to understand such reality, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no reality, there might only be hallucination. Reality might be hallucination one might agree on with another."    
Those who might then still suffer suffering in such imagination, might appreciate these words:
"Patience might mean self-suffering."   
Those who might seek to understand such self-suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"Patience and boredom might be closely related. Boredom, a certain kind of boredom, might really be impatience. One might not like the way things might be, they might not be interesting enough for one, so one might decide, and boredom might be a decision, that one might be bored."
Those who might struggle with such boredom, might appreciate these words:
"Escape from boredom might be one of the really powerful desires of almost all of beings."   
One might then appreciate the following warning regarding such desires:   
"Desires might make slaves out of kings, and patience might make kings out of slaves."  
One might understand one reason, why such desires might enslave through these words:
"The worst thing about slavery might be that the slaves might eventually get to like it."   
One might understand one reason, why such slaves might like slavery through these words:   
"A single opinion might be comfortable. Comfort might be hostile to change. Progress might be uncomfortable because it might change the comfort."   
Those who might seek to understand, why one might seek to change such comfort, might appreciate these words:   
"One's comfort zone might be more like a cage one might not being able to escape from than a safe place one might be able to retreat to."   
Those who might then seek to escape such comfortable cage, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no escape, if love might not be there."
One might understand one reason, why one might need love to escape through these words:   
"A willingness to be inconvenienced might be the ultimate proof of love."    
Those who might struggle to proof such love, might appreciate these words:   
"The struggle itself towards the heights might be enough to fill one's heart."     
Those whose struggle might not fill one's heart, might appreciate these these words:   
"Pain might be inevitable. Suffering might be optional."   
One might understand one reason, why such suffering might be optional through these words:    
"Suffering might cease to be suffering at the moment it might find a meaning."   
Those who might struggle to find such meaning, might appreciate the chapter on "hope" and these words:   
"Without hope, there might be no despair. There might be only meaningless suffering."  
One might might struggle to find such hope as in:     
"Fear might be the memory of pain. Addiction might be the memory of pleasure. Freedom might be beyond both."   
Those who might then seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to tell oneself that the fear of suffering might be worse than the suffering itself."   
Those who find themselves in such fear of pain, might appreciate these words:     
"One might not be able to avoid pain in life. It might be how one might handle pain, that might be what might defines one."   
Those who might seek to know how one might seek to handle one's own pain, might appreciate these words:    
"One might be able to numb the pain, but that might have not erased one's difficulties, the numbing might just have given it time to grow."   
Those who might seek to erase one's own difficulties, might appreciate these words:   
"Sometimes the only way around suffering might be to go straight through it."   
Those who might seek to go straight through their suffering, might appreciate the following explanation of addiction:
"It might not the drugs that might make a drug addict, it might be the need to escape reality."   
Those who seek to know what reality one might be tempted to escape, might appreciate these words:   
"A wound that might go unacknowledged and unwept might be a wound that might not be able to heal."   
Those who might then seek to acknowledge and weep such wound, might appreciate the following enumeration of possible wound, the reactions in intimate relationships and an idea how to heal such wound:   
1. Those who might be tempted to withdraw from those whom they might love, might have experienced rejection. Those might appreciate the chapter on "feedback".   
2. Those who might become overly dependent on those they might love, might have experienced abandonment. Those might appreciate the chapter on "maturity".   
3. Those who might become a masochist, might have experienced humiliation. Those might appreciate the chapter on "consciousness".   
4. Those who might become controlling, might have experienced betrayal. Those might appreciate the chapter on "loyalty".   
5. Those who might become rigid and inflexible, might have experienced injustice. Those might appreciate the chapter on "good".   
Those whose struggles might have not been mentioned yet, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"   