One might find oneself confronted with such a danger as in:   
"Those who might learn but might not think, might be lost. Those who might think but might not learn, might be in great danger."   
Those who might think and might seek to learn, might appreciate these words:    
"There might be no learning without having to pose a question. And a question might require doubt."    
Those who might then doubt the history of one's own origins, might appreciate these words:   
"The first atrocity, the first war crime committed in any war of aggression by the aggressors might be against the truth."    
Those who might then seek such truth, might appreciate these words:   
"Anarchy might be no guarantee that someone might not unalive, injure, kidnap, defraud, or steal from others. Government might be a guarantee that someone might."    
Those who might then be tempted to seek such anarchy, might appreciate the following warning:   
"It might be equally faulty to trust everyone and to trust no one."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:   
"One's nature might inherently be violent, and goodness might be caused by intentional activity."   
Those who might seek to cause such goodness, might appreciate these words:    
"Good intentions might not be enough. One might have good intentions when one might set a goal to do something, but then one might miss a deadline or other milestone."   
Those who might seek to know, what milestone one might not want to miss, might appreciate these words:   
"The end of adolescence might be the beginning of adulthood. What might have not been finished then might have to be finished later."   
Those who might seek to understand how to end their adolescence, might appreciate these words:    
"Adolescence might be when the very worst and best impulses in one's soul might struggle against each other for possession."    
Those who might struggle with their desire for possession, might appreciate these words:    
"Suffering might crack open the shell of ego, and then might come a point when it might have served its purpose. Suffering might be necessary until one might realize it might be unnecessary."   
Those who might seek to have such realization, might appreciate these words:
"One might truly possess only what one might be able to renounce; otherwise, one might be simply possessed by one's possessions." 
Those who might then seek to renounce one's possession, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might love something, one might seek to set it free. If it might come back, it might have been, and might always be one's. If it might never returns, it might have never been one's to begin with."   
Those who might struggle to let such something free, might appreciate these words:   
"Possession might hinder enjoyment. It might merely give one the right to keep things for or from others, and thus one might gain more opponents than friends."   
Those who might seek to avoid gaining more opponents, might appreciate these words:    
"The most dangerous opponents in the world might be those, whom one might not recognize."   
Those who might seek to recognize such opponent, might appreciate these words:    
"What one might really need to fear might not be a competent opponent, but an incompetent ally."    
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why one might fear such an incompetent ally, might appreciate these words:   
"Violence might be the last refuge of the incompetent."   
Those who might then fear such incompetent ally, might appreciate these words:   
"No one might be one's opponent, every one might be one's teacher."
Those who might seek to learn from such incompetence, might appreciate these words:   
"The difficulty with incompetence might be its inability to recognize itself."   
Those who might seek to solve such difficulty, might appreciate these words:   
"The opportunity of defeating the opponent might be provided by the opponent himself."   
Those who might seek such opportunity, might appreciate these words:    
"When there might be no opponent within, the opponents outside might not be able to hurt one."   
Those who might seek to recognize such incompetence within oneself, might appreciate these words:    
"The moment one might recognize that the self might not be something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action, the whole situation might clear up."    
Those who might seek to act to prevent such violence, might appreciate these words:   
"One might maintain the peace through one's strength; weakness might only invite aggression."    
Those who might seek to understand such weakness, might appreciate these words:    
"The greatest weakness of all weaknesses might be to fear too much to appear weak."    
Those who might seek to conquer such fear, might appreciate these words:    
"Thinking might not overcome fear but action might."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Promises might be empty words, if one might not keep them."    
Those who might then seek to keep one's promises might appreciate the chapter on "promise" and these words:   
"One might have three ways of acting wisely. First, on meditation; that might be the noblest. Secondly, on imitation; that might be the easiest. Thirdly, on experience; that might be the bitterest."   
Those who might have tried meditation, might reach such conclusion as in:      
"One's choices of action might be limited, but one's choices of thought might not be."    
Those who might seek to understand such choices of thought, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be a choice one might make every day."    
Those who might seek to understand such love, might appreciate the chapter on "transcendence". Those who might not have the capacity for such meditation, some might appreciate the following thought on imitation:    
"Imitation might not just be the sincerest form of flattery – it might be the sincerest form of learning."    
Those who might be tempted to remain in such imitation, might appreciate the chapter on "curiosity" and these words:   
"Knowledge might invariably be a matter of degree."    
Those who might then seek to increase such degree of knowledge, why such experience might be bitter, might appreciate these words, which in english might be a play on words:    
"In life one might have a choice: Bitter or better?"    
Those who might seek to choose for the better, might appreciate these words:   
"Lesson in life might be repeated until they might be learnt."    
Those who might keep repeating without learning, might appreciate these words:   
"Insanity might be doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."   
Those who might seek a different result, might appreciate these words:   
"Maybe if one might have started to listen, history might stop repeating itself."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"One might not be able to accept correction when one might not be humble to listen."   
Those who might seek to accept such correction, might appreciate these words:   
"Every experience might be a positive experience, if one might view it as an opportunity for growth and self-mastery."    
Those who might seek such growth, might appreciate the chapter on "temperament". Those who might seek self-mastery, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might tell the truth, it might becomes a part of one's past. If one might lie, the consequences of telling such a lie might become a part of one's future."    
Those who might then seek such truth, might appreciate these words:   
"Once one might know some things, one might not be able to forget them. It might be a burden that might never be given away."    
Those who might then seek to to know, might appreciate the following three lessons of history:   
Those who might seek to learn the first lesson of history appreciate these words:    
"Life might only be able to be understood backwards; but it might have to be lived forwards."    
Those who might seek to understand one's life backwards, might appreciate these words:    
"One might never realize how much one might value something until one might be confronted with the prospect of losing it."   
Those who might struggle with such prospect of losing, might appreciate these words:   
"Gratitude might turn what one might have into enough."   
Those who might then seek to understand such gratitude, might appreciate these words:   
"Gratitude might be when memory might be stored in the heart and not in the mind."    
Those who might then have stored such memory in one's heart with gratitude, might then realize that others might be have also stored such memory in their heart with gratitude. One might then seek to interact with them in a way, that they might seek to store such memory of their interaction in their heart with gratitude. One might then appreciate the following description of such way to interact:   
"Respect might be how to treat everyone, not just those one might seek to impress."   
Those who might seek to understand such respect, might appreciate these words:    
"When one might respect someone, one might make a conscious choice to not cross their boundaries. Regardless of the type of relationship that one might have with one another."   
Those who might seek to know, how to set such boundaries, might appreciate these words:   
"Daring to set boundaries might be about having the courage to love oneself, even when one might risk disappointing others."   
Those who might be disappointed by the boundaries of others, might appreciate these words:   
"When others might set boundaries with one, it might be their attempt to continue the relationship with one. It might not be an attempt to hurt one."    
Those who might be confronted with those, who might be tempted to cross one's boundaries deliberately, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to pay attention when others might react with anger and hostility to one's boundaries. One might have found the edge where their respect for one might end."   
Those who might be confronted with those, whose respect for one's boundaries might have ended, might appreciate these words:   
"Maturity might be learning to walk away from others and situations that might threaten one's peace of mind, self-respect, values, moral or self-worth."   
Those who might then seek to understand such peace which might be the third lesson, might appreciate these words:  
"Peace might not be achieved through violence, it might only be attained through understanding."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such peace through these words:   
"One's survival as a species might depend on one's ability to recognize that one's well-being and the well-being of others might be one and the same."   
Those who might then seek such well-being of others, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be able to have peace if one might let go of wanting to change the past and seeking to change the future."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to change such future through these words:   
"One might not seek to live one's life regretting yesterday. One might seek to live one's life so tomorrow one might not regret today."   
Those who might then seek not to regret today, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no future without forgiveness."   
Those who might struggle with such forgiveness, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness might not be something one might do for others. It might be something one might do for oneself to move on."   
Those who might then seek to know, where one might be moving on, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness might be the final form of love."   
Those who might then seek such final form of love, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more truly artistic than to love someone."   
Those who might then seek such art, might appreciate these words:   
"The end of art might be peace."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The day the power of love might overcome the love of power, the world might know peace."  
Those who might then seek such power of love, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be the most powerful force in the world, transcending all limits."   
Those who might seek to understand such limit one might seek to transcend with such love, might appreciate these words:    
"One might be a soul of unlimited possibilities, yet limited by one's mind!"   
Those who might struggle with such such limitation of one's mind, might appreciate these words:   
"Only fools might refuse to change their minds."   
Those who might seek to change their minds, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might seek to learn, might sometimes have to feel the fool."
Those who might then refuse feel such fool, might appreciate these words:    
"True ignorance might not be the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."   
Those who might seek to understand what knowledge one might be refusing to acquire, might appreciate these words:   
"But as long as one might continue to use one's misfortune to one's advantage in order to be 'special', one might always need that misfortune."   
Those who might seek to stop needing such misfortune, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to be kind, for everyone one might meet, might be fighting a hard battle."    
Those who might seek a way to be kind might appreciate these words:   
"Kindness might not just be the absence of being mean or hateful. Being kind might entail actively resisting actions, ideas, and institutions that might rob others of dignity."    
Those who might seek to understand such dignity, might appreciate these words:   
"A part of kindness might consist in loving one more than that one might deserve."   
Those who might seek such love, might appreciate the following warning:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."    
Those who might seek to understand such wisdom, might appreciate these words:    
"Knowledge might be the acquiring of facts, understanding might be the interpreting of facts, wisdom the application."   
Those who might then seek such knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"Peace might not be absence of conflict, it might be the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means."   
Those who might seek one interpretation of such peaceful means, might appreciate these words:   
"Hence, it might require a special form of alliance, which one might be able to call an 'league of peace'. This might not be the same as a 'peace treaty', for, while the latter might seeks merely to end a particular war, the former might seek to put an end to all wars forever."    
Those who might seek to apply such understanding, might appreciate these words:    
"One might not able to call oneself 'peaceful' unless one might be capable of great violence. If one might be not capable of violence, one might not be peaceful, one might be harmless."   
Those who might seek to understand such paradox, why such harmlessness might not be peaceful, might appreciate these words:   
"One might maintain the peace through one's strength; weakness might only invite aggression."   
Those who might lack such strength, might appreciate these words:   
"Being deeply loved by someone might gives one strength, while loving someone deeply might give one courage."   
Those who might then seek to understand such love, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no such thing as love; only proof of love."   
Those who might not have anyone who might love them, might appreciate this document as a proof of love of the first author for all being who might seek to prove their love. Those who might then seek to prove such love, might appreciate these words:    
"When one might have got something to prove, there might be nothing greater than a challenge."
Those who might seek such challenge, might appreciate these words:   
"Tact might be the art of making a point without making an opponent."   
Those who might seek to understand such opponent, might appreciate these words:   
"No one might be one's opponent, every one might be one's teacher."   
One might understand one reason why that might be, through these words:   
"There might be no great teacher but only great students."   
Those who might seek to be such great students, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might have something to teach one, if one might be humble enough to learn."    
Those who might seek to understand such humility, might appreciate these words:     
"If one might not learn humility, one might learn humiliation."   
Those who might then seek to learn such humility, might appreciate these words:   
"The only way into truth might be through the diminishing of one's own ego, which one might achieve through dwelling a long time in a state of extreme humiliation."   
Those who might seek to understand such extreme humiliation, might appreciate these words:    
"True humility might not be the absence of confidence but strength restrained."   
Those who might then seek to restrain one's strength, might appreciate these words:  
"Knowledge and ego might be directly related. The greater the knowledge, the less the ego might become."    
Those who might then seek such knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might be humble, nothing might touch one, neither praise nor disgrace, because one might know what one might be."   
Those who might seek to know, who one might be, might appreciate these words:   
"A fool might think oneself to be wise, but a wise one might know oneself to be a fool."   
Those who might then seek to be wise, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to force someone to care. One might only be able to come to the realization that if one might stay, they might keep hurting one. One might wish one the wisdom and courage to walk away and begin the healing process."   
Those who might seek to begin such healing process, might appreciate the following realization:   
"If one's compassion might not include oneself, it might be incomplete."    
Those who might wonder how to exercise self compassion, might find a hint in the following words:   
"One might find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of one's life, but by realizing who one might be at the deepest level."    
Those who might seek to understand who one might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Nothing might be able to bring one peace but oneself."    
Those who might seek to bring peace to oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to never lose a chance of saying a kind word."   
Those who might not know what kind word one might be able to say, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"   
