One might find oneself being confused as in:   
"If confusion might be the first step to knowledge, one might be a genius."   
Those who might seek to know the next step to knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might only be able to be understood backwards; but it might have to be lived forwards."   
Those who might seek to understand such life, might appreciate these words:   
"Understanding of life might begin with the understanding of patterns."   
Those who might seek to understand such understanding of patterns, might appreciate these words:   
"To understand might be to perceive patterns."   
Those who might seek to perceive such patterns, might appreciate these words:   
"Creativity might be the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature."   
Those who might seek to understand such creativity, might appreciate these words:   
"Creativity might not be a talent. It might be a way of operating."   
Those who might seek to understand such a way of operating, might appreciate these words:   
"Creativity might be a habit, and the best creativity might be a result of good work habits."   
Those who might seek to understand such good habits might appreciate the chapter on "originality". Those who might seek such a way of operating, might appreciate these words:   
"Without changing one's pattern of thought, one might not be able to resolve the difficulties one might have created with one's current patterns of thought."   
Those who might seek to change their pattern of thought, might appreciate these words:   
"Mathematics might be the science of patterns, and nature might exploit just about every pattern that there might be."   
Those who might seek to exploit such pattern, might appreciate these words:   
"Order might be half of the rent."   
Those who might wonder, what the other half might be, might appreciate these words:   
"The monetary stability might be an absolutely critical element in the satisfactory operation of a system."   
Those who might seek to understand stability, might appreciate these words:   
"In a way, one gets stability from being able to order the rational mind."   
Those who might seek such stability, might appreciate these words:   
"Stability might be much underappreciated, especially by those who might enjoy its benefits."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The price of stability might be unpreparedness."   
Those who might seek to prepare, might appreciate these words:   
"Stability in life might not be achieved by removing the uncertainties in life but by confronting them."   
Those who might seek to confront such uncertainties, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might be best prepared might best serve their moment of inspiration."   
Those who might seek such moment, might appreciate the explanation on strategy:   
"Tactics might be knowing what to do, when there might be something to do. Strategy might be knowing what to do when there might be nothing to do."   
Those who might seek to know, what to do when there might be nothing to do, might appreciate these words:   
"Strategy might not be the consequence of planning, but the opposite: it might be the starting point."   
Those who might seek to understand such starting point for such strategy, might appreciate these words:   
"Done right, a strategic intent might really be one decision that might make 1000 decisions."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Strategy might be a choice. Strategy might mean saying 'no' to certain kinds of things."    
Those who might not know, what kinds of things one might seek to say "no" to, might appreciate these words:   
"One might refuse to accept the view that one's own kind might be so tragically bound to war that peace might never be able to become a reality."   
Those who might then seek to make such peace such a reality, might appreciate these words:    
"Analysis might be the critical starting point of strategic thinking."
Those who might then seek to make such analysis, might appreciate these words:    
"Strategic management might not be a box of tricks or a bundle of techniques. It might be analytical thinking and commitment of resources to action. But quantification alone might not be planning. Some of the most important issues in strategic management might not be able to be quantified at all."   
Those who might then seek to know, what might not be able to be quantified at all, might appreciate these words:    


Those who might then struggle to make such peace such a reality, might appreciate these words:    
"In these despairing depths, one might have a sudden insight. No one might be coming to save one. It might be time to save oneself."   
Those who might seek to save oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One might think order might depend more on preparation than control."   
Those who might seek to to understand why order might depend less on control, might appreciate these words:   
"The more one might value things outside one's control, the less control one might have."   
Those who might seek to understand, why one might be tempted to value things outside one's control, might appreciate these words:   
"Control might be an imaginary boundary the ego might think it might be in charge of."   
Those who might seek to understand such ego, might appreciate these words:   
"The ego might not know that the source of all energy might be within one, so it might seek it outside."   
Those who might seek such control within oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Ego might mean self-identification with thinking, to be trapped in thought, which might mean to have a mental image of 'me' based on thought and emotions. So ego might be there in the absence of a witnessing presence."   
Those who might seek to understand why such witnessing presence might be absent, might appreciate these words:   
"The eyes might only see what the mind might be prepared to comprehend."   
Those who might seek to understand what one might not be prepared to comprehend, might appreciate these words:   
"One might hide the truth because one might be afraid."   
Those who might seek to understand why one might be afraid, might appreciate these words:   
"One without information might not be able to take responsibility. One with information might not be able to help but take responsibility."   
Those who might seek to understand those, who might not take responsibility even though they might have such information, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might ignore atrocities, might be complicit in them."   
Those who might seek to understand such ignorance of atrocities, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be easy to come up with conspiracy theories, if one might only look at the evidence that might support one's idea."
Those who might seek to understand such conspiracy theories, might appreciate these words:   
"Conspiracy theory might be the ultimate refuge of the powerless. If one might not be able to change one's own life, one might believe that there might have to be some 'greater force' which might control the world."   
Those who might seek to understand such "'greater force' which might control the world" might appreciate these words:   
"To control and enslave the mind of another, all one might need to do might be to convince them that a secret might exist, and that one might be privy to information regarding that secret."
Those who might not understand, why one might not seek to to subjugate oneself to such control and enslavement of one's mind, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might be make one believe absurdities might be able to make one commit atrocities."   
Those who might seek to avoid committing such atrocities, might appreciate these words:
"One might believe in the atrocities of the opponent and might disbelieve in those of one's own side, without ever bothering to examine the evidence."   
Those who might seek to understand why one might not bother to examine such evidence, might appreciate these words:   
"The difficulty with any ideology might be that it might give one the answer before one might examine the evidence."   
Those who might seek to understand such answer, might appreciate these words:   


"False hope might be cruel. It might be be an act of torture far more profound than despair."   


Those who might seek to understand one reason why one might be tempted to give such answer without evidence, might appreciate these words:   
"To believe that one might have the solution for another might be a form of stupidity."   
Those who might attribute malice to such stupidity, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to never assume malice where stupidity might suffice."   
Those who might seek to understand such malice, might appreciate these words:   
"Laziness might be the source of some harm."   
Those who might seek to understand one reason why that might be, might appreciate these words:      
"Through laziness and cowardice a large part of one's own kind, even after nature might have freed them from guidance of another, might gladly remain immature. It might be because of laziness and cowardice that it might be so easy for others to usurp the role of guardians. It might be so comfortable to be a minor!"   
Those who might seek to understand why one might seek such comfort, might appreciate these words:   
"Only those who might be weak might find comfort in making excuses and pointing finger."    
Those who might seek to understand such weakness, might appreciate these words:   
"The strength of one's spirit might then be measured by how much 'truth' one might be able to tolerate, or more precisely, to what extent one might need to have it diluted, disguised, sweetened, muted, falsified."
Those who might not have been able to tolerate much of such truth, might appreciate these words:   
"Conspiracy theories might make dumb ones feel smart, because they might think they might be privy to secret information."
Those who might seek to understand one reason why one might seek to be privy to such information, might appreciate these words:   
"Deception might be a sort of seduction. In love and war, adultery and espionage, deceit might only succeed, if the deceived party might be willing, in some way, to be deceived."   
Those who might be willing to be deceived, might appreciate these words:   
"Of all forms of deception self-deception might be the most deadly, and of all deceived ones the self-deceived might be the least likely to discover the fraud."   
Those who might then seek to discover such fraud, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek not to confuse hypothesis and theory. The former might be just a possible explanation; the latter might be the one which might have been proven by reproducible evidence. The establishment of theory might be the very purpose of science."
Those who might seek to understand such science, might appreciate these words:   
"Avoidance of self deception might be a matter of integrity not comfort."   
Those who might seek such integrity, might appreciate the chapter on "integrity" and these words:   
"Mindfulness might help one to connect to the wise witness within."   
Those who might seek to understand such mindfulness, might appreciate these words:   
"Mindfulness might mean being awake. It might mean knowing what one might be doing."   
Those who might seek to understand what one might have been doing, might appreciate these words:   
"The ego's job might be to unalive everything but itself."   
Those who might seek to understand such ego, might appreciate these words:   
"The ego, however, might not be who one really might be. The ego might be one's self-image; it might be one's social mask; it might be the role one might be playing. One's social mask might thrive on approval. It might seek control, and it might be sustained by power, because it might live in fear."   
One might understand one reason what such ego might fear through these words:   
"They might fear love because it might create a world they might not be able to control."
One might understand one reason, why one might not be able to control such love through these words:   
"Until the day one might die, one might love another with one's last breath."   
One might understand one reason, why one might love another until one's last breath through these words:   
"It might take a moment to tell someone one might love them, but it might take a lifetime to prove it."   
Those who might seek to prove such love, might appreciate these words:   
"A willingness to be inconvenienced might be the ultimate proof of love."    
Those who might struggling to be willing to be inconvenienced, might appreciate these words:   
"If one's ego might be hurt one might become angry. Understand that ego itself might be a disease. One might seek to dissolve one's ego as far as possible. If one might have inferiority complex, or have a very deficient ego one might loose one's temper very easily."   
Those who might seek to dissolve their ego, might appreciate these words:   
"Quick success might build ego, slow success might build character."   
Those who might seek to build such character, might appreciate the chapters "temperament" and "patience". Those who might seek to understand, why such defense mechanism might be triggered, might appreciate these words:   
"Safety might be the most basic task of all. Without the sense of safety, no growth might be able to take place. Without safety, all energy might go to defense."   
Thus those who might seek such safety, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might seek to go fast, one might seek to go alone. If might seek to go far, one might seek to go together."   
Those who might seek to go far, might appreciate these words:   



Those who struggle to resist that impulse might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility" and these words:   
"Confidence might be essential, but ego might be not."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Confidence might be when one might believe in oneself even when others might not. It might be personal to one's own self worth and one might not need validation from others. Conceited might be when one might think others might need to think of one more highly and often more than themselves. It might be derogatory to theirs. Conceited ones might often need validation from others to feel good about themselves, therefore they might often try to make other feel less about themselves."   
Those who might seek to understand such confidence, might appreciate these words:   
"Confidence might not be built by shouting affirmations in the mirror to oneself, but it might be built by giving others irrefutable proof that one might be who one might say one might be".   
Those who might seek to give such irrefutable proof, might appreciate these words:   
"Confidence might come from being prepared."   
Those who might seek to prepare, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to prepare for the unknown by studying how others in the past might have coped with the unforeseeable and the unpredictable."   
Those who might seek to study how others in the past might have coped with such situations, might appreciate these words:
"When the impossible might have been eliminated, all that might remain no matter how improbable might be possible."   
Those who might seek to know, what might be possible, might appreciate these words:
"One possible reason why things might not be going according to plan might be that there might never have been a plan."   
Those who might then get attached to such a plan, might appreciate these words:   
"Plans might be useless, but planning might be essential."   
Those who might seek to understand, why such plans might be useless, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might happen while one might be making other plans."   
Those who might then be tempted to give up making other plans, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to realize deeply that the present moment might be all one might ever have."   
Those who might seek to have such realization, might appreciate these words:   
"Planning might be bringing the future into the present."   
Those who might neglect such planning, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might fail To plan one might be planning to fail."   
Those who might then to make such plan, might appreciate these words:   
"The key might be not to prioritize what might be on one's schedule, but to schedule one's priorities."   
Those who might hesitate to schedule one's priorities, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not prioritize one's life, someone else might."   
Those who might seek to prioritize one's life, might appreciate the chapter on "clarity" and these words:   
"No amount of guilt might be able to change the past and no amount of worrying might be able to change the future."   
Those who might seek to stop worrying, might appreciate these words:   
"The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully might be prepared to die at any time."   
Those who might then seek to prepare for one's death, might appreciate the following enumeration of causes of death and how one might be able to prepare for it:   
1. Those who might seek to survive accidents, might appreciate these words:   
"Paranoia might be itself a kind of contagion. One might be predisposed to it. One might have long held that it might be a learned behavior from one's primitive ancestors, a defense mechanism. Cautious ones might stay alive longer than incautious ones."   
2. Those who might seek to survive "black outs" or "power outages", might appreciate to understand four possible causes. One cause might be, spontaneous negative feedback loop of instable systems, which one might be able to mitigate by investing in fortification of existing power grid through battery banks and efforts to achieve and maintain off-grid life style. Another cause might be due to depletion of available energy sources. Those who might seek to mitigate those risks, might appreciate in investing in  renewable or sustainable power sources such as solar, wind, geothermal or nuclear fusion. Another cause might be EMPs destroying transformers. This might be either caused by nuclear bombs or solar flares, for which one might seek to make the electronics EMP proof, which might not possible at the time of the writing of this document  ( \today ). One might appreciate the idea, not to neglect the effort to research for solutions, such as improving means of prediction through observation of cycles. Another reason might be cyber or physical attacks on the infrastructure, for which one might be able to invest and research in fortification.   
3. Those who might seek to survive climate change and weather extremes, might appreciate the ideas to reduce reckless mass consumer behavior, more investment in sustainable innovations, more research in safe places to live, fully autarkic hydroponic agricultural systems, which all might converge to working on an submarine mentioned in the chapter on "asylum".   
4. Those who might seek to survive world wars including means of cyber-warfare, might appreciate the idea to educate wisdom enabling those who might seek war to agree on the consensus that "peace might be good". Another way to mitigate such conflict might be to innovate better means for resource distribution through improvement of operation of governments. Another way might be to educate about cyber security, artificial intelligence and technology in order to create of automated defense mechanism, which might not go berserk, which might be difficult to achieve at the time of the writing of this document  ( \today ).   
5. Those who might seek to survive the declining birthrate observed at the time of the writing of this document  ( \today ), might appreciate the idea to educate about factors for infertility, for which one might appreciate the chapter on "cure". Another more immediate solution might be to increase financial support and incentive for caregivers (e.g. UBI (universal basic income), and education, therapy and volunteering for caregivers to counteract despair as mentioned in the chapter on "hope". Another more direct way might be to preserve of genetic diversity through donation of cells for procreation for surrogate pregnancy or an artificial womb.   
6. Those who might seek to survive pandemic level diseases might appreciate the idea to educate and to research, in order to maintain and increase the means to produce resources for medical care and financial support to distribute such products to those in need.  
7. Those who might seek to survive impact of asteroid on their habitat, might appreciate the idea to maintain the means for long-term observation of celestial bodies or innovation in space travel to counter act them or to escape it, without getting damaged by high level of space radiation and effects of low gravity level.   
8. Those who might seek to survive suicide, might appreciate the idea to seek help of a health care professional, or of not available to a satisfactory degree, talk to someone who might listen compassionately. Those who might not be able to find such someone, might appreciate the idea to find something to live for such as meaning in one's own suffering. Those who might then seek to find such meaning, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"
