One might find oneself having such a realization as in:   
"It might be during one's darkest moments that one might need to focus to see the light."   
Those who might seek to focus to see such light, might appreciate these words:
"Hope might be being able to see that there might be light despite all of the darkness."   
Those who might seek such hope, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might be to have any hope for the future, those who might have lanterns might need to pass them on to others."   
Those who might seek to understand such hope, might appreciate the chapter on "hope". One might appreciate the notion by the author, that the lanterns might be able to be understood as a metaphor for life inspired by the chemical reaction called oxidization. Oxidation might be able to be observed on fire emitting light as well as metabolism observed on humans who might have observed such a phenomenon. Those who might seek a reminder in their daily life for such hope, might appreciate the idea to carry a rechargeable LED flashlight on oneself, which might be capable of flashing a signal for help which might be refered to as "SOS", which might be able to be expressed as three short pulses, followed by three long pulses and again followed by three short pulses repeated over and over as in:   
"...---..."   
Those who might wonder about the origin of such a SOS signal commonly referred as "morse code", might appreciate the followin notion that the idea might be inspired by the meaning of the abbreviation of "SOS" originating in the following English sentence:
"Save Our Souls!"
Those who might seek to understand such soul, might appreciate the chapter on "soul". Those whose soul might have been saved, might appreciate the idea to express their gratitude by offering their 'Lantern of Hope' to those who might have saved them. Those who might not know, whom one might need to save, might appreciate these words:   
"Sometimes, if one might seek to save others, one might need to remember to save oneself first."   
Those who seek to save themselves, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not contribute nothing to one's salvation except the sin that might have made it necessary."   
Those who seek to understand such sin, might appreciate these words:   
"The only sin might be selfishness."   
Those who might seek to understand such selfishness, might appreciate these words:   
"Selfishness might not be living as one might wish to live, it might be asking others to live as one might wish to live."   
Those who might stuggle to live as one might wish oneself to live, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-love might not be selfish; one might not be able to truly love another until one might know how to love oneself."   
Those who might struggle to love oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek not to drown oneself to save a drowning one."   
Those who might then be tempted to ask others to live as one might wish them to live, might appreciate these words:   
"Every parent's deepest wish might be that their children might be self sufficient, happy, and able to live a full life."      
Those who might seek to make such wish, might appreciate these words:      
"A good parent might never use their child for their happiness."   
Those who might have been used for the happiness of their parents, might appreciate these words:   
"'For the greater good.' That might have been the excuse of tyrants throughout all time."   
Those who might seek to not to make such excuses, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have no right to children, if despair might be all one might bring with one."
Those who might think that they might only bring such despair, might appreciate these words:   
"But what one might call one's despair might be often only the painful eagerness of unfed hope."   
Those who might carry such unfed hope, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might not feed themselves with food of hope might eventually die of mental starvation."
Those who might not seek to die of such mental starvation, might appreciate these words:   
"Good food warms the heart and feeds the soul."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"There is no love sincerer than the love of food."   
Those who seek such sincere love, might appreciate these words:   
"Cooking might be a caring and nurturing act. It might be kind of the ultimate gift for someone, to cook for them."   
Those who might have been not fortunate to receive such an ultimate gift, might appreciate these words:   
"Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted might be the most terrible poverty."
Those who might have felt such loneliness, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more precious in this world than the feeling of being wanted."   
Those who might be fortunate to experience such a feeling, might appreciate these words:   
"Expressing one's feelings and then the opportunity to share it with others might be the ultimate gift." 
Those who might seek to share such a feeling, might appreciate these words:   
"Children might be the living messages one might send to a time one might not see."   
Those who might seek to send suc ha message, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not seek to be a parent when might be convenient for one. It might be a 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year commitment."   
Those who might hesitate to such a commitment, might appreciate these words:   
"Feeling ready to do something might not mean feeling certain one might succeed, though of course that might be what one might be hoping to do. Truly being ready might mean understanding what could go wrong – and having a plan to deal with it."
Those who might seek such a plan, might appreciate these words:   
"Plans might be useless, but planning might be essential."   
Those who might seek to plan for such things which might go wrong, might appreciate these words:   
"Humans might be the only creatures who might refuse to be what they might be."   
But so far only humans might be known to reduce their reproduction based on abstract concepts such as their projection of the future or their sense of morality, which one might refer to as "antinatalism". One might call it tolerance to not disturb those who have found their peace of their own mind throught applying antinatalism to their own lives. Those who might not be able to avoid such a confrontation, might appreciate the following preperation of counter arguments for such a dialogue:   
One might appreciate the following definition for hyprocrisy as in:    
"Hyprocrisy might be the audacity to preach integrity from a den of corruption."    
Those who might seek to recognize such hypocricy, might appreciate these words:    
"Ostentation might be the signal flag of hypocrisy."    
Those who might seek to understand why hypocrisy might be ostentatious, might appreciate these words:   
"Hypocrisy might be able to afford to be magnificent in its promises, for never intending to go beyond promise, it might cost nothing."   
Those who might seek to understand, why keeping their promise might be important, might appreciate the chapter on "promise". Those who might be confronted with those, who might not be able to deliver on their promise, might appreciate these words:    
"A total absence of self-doubt might be the first sign of insanity."   
Those who might then seek to become aware of their own insanity, might appreciate these words:    
"There might be only one difference between a mad one and oneself. The mad ones might think they might be sane. One might know that one might be mad."     
Those who might struggle to recognize their own insanity, might appreciate these words:    
"The end point of rationality might be to demonstrate the limits of rationality."    
Those who might struggle to demonstrate their own limits of rationality, might appreciate these words:    
"True art might be characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist."   
Those who might seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more truly artistic than to love someone."    
Those who might seek such love, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to learn to love oneself first, instead of loving the idea of others loving one."   
Those who might seek to learn to love themselves, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-love might not the process of ignoring one's flaws. Self-love might be expanding one's awareness to include one's flaws and one's strengths."   
Those who might seek to understand such flaw, might appreciate these words:   
"Good tests might kill flawed theories; one might remain alive to guess again."    
Those who might seek to create such tests, might appreciate these words:   
"Optimism might be a duty. The future might be open. It might not be predetermined. No one might be able to predict it, except by chance. One might contribute to determining it by what one might do. One might be equally responsible for its success as others might be."   
Those who might seek to understand such responsibility, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility". Those who might struggle to embrace their responsibility, might appreciate these words:   
"For what then might matter might be to bear witness to one's potential at its best, which might be to transform a personal tragedy into a triumph, to turn one's predicament into an achievement."    
Those who might seek to understand such tragedy, might appreciate these words:   
"One's own death wish might be only real tragedy."
Those who might be struggling with such tragedy, might appreciate these words:   
"The tragedy might not be that one might be broken. The tragedy might be that one might not be mended again."    
Those who might seek to understand why one might not want to mend what might be broken, might appreciate these words:  
"There might be no such thing as freedom of choice unless there might be freedom to refuse." 
Those who might seek such freedom, might appreciate these words: 
"One might be free to make one's own choices, but one might not be free to choose the consequences."   
Those who might seek to understand such consequence, might appreciate these words:  
"If one might deny one's shadow it might become one's tyrant."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"It might have been easer to rage than to despair."   
Those who might seek to understand why it might be more difficult to despair, might appreciate these words:   
"Despair might only exist when there might be hope."    
Those who might seek to understand such hope, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be the first purpose of hope to make hopelessness bearable."    
Those who might seek to make their hopelessness bearable, might appreciate these words:   
"Pain might only be bearable if one might know that such pain might end, not if one denies such pain might exist."  
Those who seek to know, when such pain might end, might appreciate these words:   
"Pain might be inevitable. Suffering might be optional."
Those who might seek to end their suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"Suffering might cease to be suffering at the moment it might find a meaning."   
Those who might seek to find such meaning, might appreciate these words:   
"The literal meaning of life might be whatever one might be doing that might prevent one from killing oneself."   
Those who seek to understand such meaning, might appreciate these words:   
"If liberty might have any meaning it might mean freedom to improve."   
Those who seek to understand such freedom to improve, might appreciate these words:   
"Freedom might be never more than one generation away from extinction."
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Escape from life might be death."   
Those who might seek to understand such life, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might ask of every individual a contribution, and it might be up to that individual to discover what it might be."   
Those who might refuse to discover their contribution, might appreciate these words:   
"The worst decision might be indecision."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Indecision might be the greatest thief of opportunity."
Those who might tempted to ignore their opportunity to be stolen, might appreciate these words:   
"When all choice might have been taken from one, life might become a game of survival."
Those who might have survived such a game of survival, might appreciate these words:   
"Extinction might be the rule. Survival might be the exception."   
Those who might seek to be such an exception, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might think they might be the exception to the rule, and that might be exactly where the trouble might start. One might be able to do a lot of damage."   
Those who might seek to understand such damage, might appreciate these words:   
"Survival might be a passive way of saying 'one's needs might be greater than others.'"   
Those who might be tempted to put one's needs above others, might appreciate thesew words:   
Those who seek to prevent such an extinction of freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"One's survival as a species might depend on one's ability to recognize that one's well-being and the well-being of others might be in fact one and the same."    
Those who might seek such realization, might appreciate these words:   
"One might stop being a child when one might realize the world might not be here to cater to one's wants and needs."   
Those who seek to cease being a child, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might not know history might forever remain children."   
Those who seek to know such history, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to appreciate one's parents. One might never know what sacrifices they might have gone through for one."   
Those who might seek to appreciate their parents, might appreciate these words:   
"Gratitude might be when memory might be stored in the heart and not in the mind."   
Those who struggle appreciate their parents, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might have something to teach one. If someone might hurt or offend one, one might be able to be grateful for the lesson learned. The one might seek to forgive, let go and move on."   
Those who seek to understand such lession, might appreciate these words:   
"The most important thing that parents might be able to teach their children might be how to get along without them."
Those whose parents might have not tought how to get along without them, might appreciate these words:   
"Resentment might hurt one more that it might those whom one might resent."   
Those who might seek to stop hurting oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness might be a gift to oneself. It might free one from the past, past experiences, and past relationships. It might allow one to live in the present time. When one might forgive oneself and forgive others, one might be indeed free."
Those who might seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"Freedom might be nothing but a chance to be better."   
Those who might seek to be better, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness might not be a feeling; it might be a commitment. It might be a choice to show mercy, not to hold the offense up against those who might have offended. Forgiveness might be an expression of love."
Those who seek to understand such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness might be the final form of love."   
Those who might seek to express such forgiveness, might appreciate these words:   
"True forgiveness might be when one might be able to express gratitude for such an experience."
Those who might seek to express such forgiveness towards one's own parents, might appreciate to carry the mentioned flashlight symbolizing the "Lantern of Hope". One might appreciate the idea to gift it to oneself or to request as a gift by someone, who might already have been carrying such "Lantern of Hope" and then to express one's commitment to forgive, as a coming-of-age ceremony, in order to resolve one of the root causes of one's commitment issues. Those who then might seek to participate in such a ceremony, might appreciate the idea to recite these words:   
"One might seek to express gratitude toward one's parents for the gift of life through the commitment to carry this flashlight as a symbol for the "Lantern of Hope" in one's everyday life. One might then appreciate recitation of the following mantra: 'We might be all on the way to Pro.'"
