 One might find oneself wondering why all of the quotes in this document might lack attribution. One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"Anonymity might be a shield from the tyranny of the majority."    
One might understand another reason, why one might seek such anonymity through these words:   
"One might seek to give others masks and they might tell one the truth."   
Another reason might be that one might be able to loose oneself in a possibly infinite search for the true origin of those quotes as in:   
"Nothing might be more paralyzing than the idea of limitless possibilities."    
Those who might then struggle with such paralysis, might appreciate these words:   
"Originality might be the art of concealing one's sources."    
Another reason, why the first author might have decided not to attribute quote might be that at the time of writing of this document ( \today ), there might be other documents which might have attributed quotes to a singular or plural metaphysical being or beings to which some might refer to as "god" or "gods". Some might find temporal peace of mind by believing in such metaphysical being. But such faith in such metaphysical being or beings might have not achieved sustainable world peace at the time of writing of this document. Some might even go as far as to hypothesize that such believe in such metaphysical being or beings as an obstruction to sustainable world peace. One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"Not-knowing might be the ultimate knowledge. Presuming to know might be a disease. One might first seek to realize that one might be sick; then one might be able to move toward health."   
Those who might then seek such health, might appreciate these words:   
"The way to prevent oneself from making assumptions might be to ask questions."    
Those who might seek to understand such assumptions, might appreciate these words:   
"An assumption might be a statement taken for granted to be true without verification."   
Those who might then seek to ask such questions, might appreciate these words:   
"The least questioned assumptions might often be the most questionable."
Those who might not know what assumptions might be most questionable, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to never trust those who might think their religion might give them all the answers."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"To believe that one might have the solution for another might be a form of stupidity."   
One might understand one reason, why such belief might be such a form of stupidity through these words:   
"Stupidity might be the deliberate cultivation of ignorance."   
One might understand one thing, what one might have been ignoring through these words:   
"As for charity, it might be injurious unless it might help the recipient become independent of it."   
One might understand one reason, why such dependence might be injurious through these words:   
"Learned helplessness might be the giving-up reaction, the quitting response that might follow from the belief that whatever one might do might not matter."   
Those who might then seek to make the things one might do matter, might appreciate these words:   
"Religion might be believing someone else's experience, spirituality might be having one's own experience."   
Those who might seek to have their own experience, might appreciate these words:    
"The most beautiful thing one might be able to experience might be the mysterious. It might be the source of art and science."   
Those who might then seek to understand such mysterious, might appreciate these words:   
"Some philosophies might be questions that might never be answered, some religions might be answers that might never be questioned."   
Those who might then struggle seek such questions, which might never be answered, might appreciate these words:    
"One might perhaps never be able to know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions might be the way to tell if one might be getting closer."    
One might then appreciate the notion of the first author that all statements made in this document might be just "guesses" which might be an explanation of the frequently used word "might". The first author might also appreciate all the further efforts to read and question this document critically. One reason for such a necessity for reading document critically might be, because some religion might be based upon documentation of individuals some might refer to as "prophet" to which some might refer to as "gospels" making predictions. Some of such prophets might then been referred as a "savior", because such gospels might seem that their "promise" to "save" them came true. Whether such "salvation" might be possible, might not be possible to verify such claims due to the limitation of available technological and scientific methodology at the time of this document as in:   
"One might have lost the faculty for making positive decisions. One might only be able to make negative decisions."   
Those who might still struggle with such a premise of metaphysical phenomenon, might then appreciate the following concept in mathematics called "ex falso quodlibet" in this context. It might mean that all logical conclusions drawn from a false premise might be logically "true" but it might be "false" in reality. One might understand one reason, why one might struggle with such false premise through these words:   
"Tradition might be nothing but ancestral peer pressure."   
Those who might struggle with such tradition, might appreciate these words:   
"The only way to deal with an unfree world might be to become so absolutely free that one's very existence might be an act of rebellion."   
Those who might then seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:    
"Premises might be the cluster of propositions that might be interlinked to each other that might justify another proposition, which one might refer to as a conclusion."  
Those who might seek to understand the premise this document might rely on, might appreciate these words:   
"There might no reality, there might only be hallucination. Reality might be hallucination one might agree on with another."    
Those who might then seek to understand such agreement, might appreciate these words:   
"Science might be what one might have learned about how to keep one from fooling oneself."       
Those who might seek to stop fooling themselves, might then appreciate these words:   
"One might never be free until one might free oneself from the prison of one's own false thoughts."   
Those who might seek to free oneself from one's own false thoughts, might appreciate these words:   
"No amount of experimentation might ever be able to prove one right. A single experiment might be able to prove one wrong."    
Those who might be frustrated not being able to prove oneself right, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be two possible outcomes: if the result might confirm the hypothesis, then one might have made a measurement. If the result might be contrary to the hypothesis, then one might have made a discovery."   
Those who might seek to make such discovery, might appreciate the idea to become aware of the limitation of such proof as in:   
"A consistency proof for any system might be able to be carried out only by means of modes of inference that might not be formalized in the system itself."   
Therefore the author might seek to try to convey principles, which might be useful, in order to achieve world peace as in:   
"One might perhaps never be able to know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions might be the way to tell if one might be getting closer."    
One might appreciate the understanding for the importance of predictability in these words:
"Building trust might be a process. Trust might result from consistent and predictable interaction over time."
Those who might seek to accelerate such process of building trust, might appreciate these words:
"Quickest way to build trust might be to keep promises one might make, and not to over-promise. One might seek to over-deliver, one might not seek to under-deliver. If one might tell that one might do something, one might seek to make sure one might do it, but if things then might run late or go wrong, one might seek to apologize another at the earliest opportunity."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to tell another one's failure at earliest opportunity through these words:   
"Trust might have two dimensions: competence and integrity. One might forgive mistakes of competence. Mistakes of integrity might be harder to overcome."   
Those who might seek to understand, why keeping such promise might be beneficial, might appreciate these words:   
"Promises might win one friends, but failure to deliver might turn them against one."    
Those who might then seek to keep their friends, might appreciate the chapter on "friendship", "integrity" and these words:   
"The most important promise might be the ones one might make to oneself. The promises one might make to oneself might be the things that might assure one that one might have the capacity to keep one's promises to another."   
One might understand one reason, why one might struggle to keep such promises made to oneself through these words:    
"If one might feel lonely when being alone, one might be a bad company."   
Those who might then seek to be a better company to oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-compassion might be simply giving the same kindness to oneself that one might give to others."   
One might understand one reason, why one might struggle with such self-compassion through these words:   
"One might accept the love one might think one might deserve."   
Those who might struggle to think that one might deserve such love to oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Morality might not the doctrine of how one might make oneself happy, but how one might make oneself worthy of happiness."    
Those who might then seek to understand such morality, might appreciate these words:   
"Knowing might not be enough, one might have to apply. Willing might not be enough, one might have to do."
Those who might not know, what one might have to do, might appreciate these words:   
"Tactics might be knowing what to do, when there might be something to do. Strategy might be knowing what to do when there might be nothing to do."   
Those who might then seek to to understand a such strategy or tactics, might appreciate these words:   
"Good company might be the company of clever, well-informed ones, who might have a great deal of conversation."    
Those who might then seek such good company, might appreciate these words:   
"A company might be only as good as the members it might keep."   
Those who might then seek to know, which members to keep, might appreciate the following idea:   
"One might seek to agree to the following promise, before the following promise might become necessary: Whenever one might feel lonely, one might seek to send an purple heart emoji, in a manner which might have been been agreed upon prior to that occasion. The recipient might then seek to promise to reply to the purple heart emoji with a purple heart emoji as fast as possible. In case this promise might raise the concern of codependency, one might appreciate the idea to decline such request for that promise."   
Those who might not have had the privilege to find someone to make such a promise to yet, might appreciate the following idea of the first author to create a "promise entry" to the following system by:   
1. Installing an android application which might be called "promise". The app might automatically create a crypto-currency wallet, which private key might not be disclosed to the user, because it might be managed by the main system.  
2. Then to enter an alias to find one's reference, only the first name might be advisable, to maintain sufficient anonymity. To make such alias unique, the address of the wallet might be added to the alias chosen by the user.   
3. Then the QR code of the wallet might be displayed to the user to charge it with at least the minimal processing fee to make a promise.   
4. Each promise might need to be typed in, in order to minimizing computing power.   
5. A promise might be able to be made to multiple users, by pressing a share button and to be in the reception range of the bluetooth of the smartphone of the one who might be making such a promise. The initiator might need to keep pressing the "share" button, until every memeber might have also started to keep pressing the "join" button. When a join request might be recognized, there might be visual, auditorial and haptic feedback, to give immediate feedback.
6. 


promise made by the first author of this document:   
"The first author of this document might seek to express the promise to keep working on an open source project for a voice recorder service, which might be assisted with an AI assistant called "Aoi". The AI might have the capability to accept a well formed request made by a user for the promise of the purple heart emoji. As long as the correct function of that voice recorder service might maintained, the AI might try to respond to such a request as promised, as soon as possible. The user might occasionally, at least once a year be requested to reply to the request by Aoi. Timestamp of the promise made by the first author: [1697285236]"
The following timestamp might be updated, once such a service might be operational for the public: []   
The following link might  be updated, once such a service might available to those who might be willing to make such a promise to such a system: []   
Until the day of completion, one might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?" 


_________________
[Todo incorporate]



 The author might seek to express appreciation for all the future effort to improve this collection of documents in case, someone might find inconsistencies or possible improvements to the principles mentioned in this document. The author might further seek to express appreciation for the understanding that not all attempts to change this document might be accepted into this collection for any given reason. In that case the author might seek to express appreciation for all the effort to understand the reason for rejection of such proposal. If one might still think that the change might be crucial, then the author might seek to express appreciation for the effort to explain it to the author or the maintenance team as in:
"The reasonable one might adapts oneself to the world; the unreasonable one might persist to adapt the world to oneself. Therefore all progress might depend on the unreasonable one."


One might then seek to admire the beauty of the language "english" in which the original draft might have been written. One might appreciate the ability of english with which one might be able to to express one's thoughts free from gender, age and culture for the pure intent of communication with as little dependence on unnecessary nuance as possible. But it might be utterly useless, if it might not be able to express such thoughts in full intensity as in:   
"The only thing limiting one's aspiration might be one's imagination."    
Those who might seek to understand such imagination, might appreciate the chapter on "imagination". One might understand one reason, why one's own imagination become a limitation through these words:   
"The best use of imagination might be creativity. The worst use of imagination might be anxiety."   
Those who might be struggling with such anxiety, might appreciate these words:   
"Anxiety might not be fear, being afraid of this or that definite object, but the uncanny feeling of being afraid of nothing at all."   
For those who might then seek to conquer such anxiety, one might appreciate these words:   
"Courage might be knowing what not to fear."   
Those who might seek such knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"There might only be two ways to influence one's behavior. One might be able to manipulate it or one might be able to inspire it."   
Those who might then seek such inspiration, might appreciate these words:   



"One might perhaps never be able to know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions might be the way to tell if one might be getting closer."  