One might find oneself feeling powerless as in:
"Nothing might make one feel more powerless than failing a child."   
Those who might then feel such powerlessness, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to protect one's children from life. Therefore, it might be essential that one might prepare them for it."
Those who might then seek to prepare one's children, might appreciate these words:
"Government might exist to protect one from each other. Where government might have gone beyond its limits might be in deciding to protect one from oneself."   
One might understand one such occation, one might not be able to protect one from oneself through these words:   
"There might be but one truly serious philosophical challenge and that might be unaliving oneself."    
Those who might be tempted to unalive oneself, might appreciate the idea to consult local mental health professionals and these words:   
"Good tests might disprove flawed theories; one might remain alive to guess again."   
Those who might struggle to formulate such good testes, might appreciate the chapter on "good" and thsee words:  
"No amount of experimentation might ever prove one right; a single experiment might prove one wrong."   
Those who might then seek to understand such flawed theories, might appreciate these words:   
"A good deal of tyranny might go by the name of protection."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Legitimate use of violence can only be that which might be required in self-defense."   
Those who might then seek to defend oneself from such tyranny, might appreciate these words:    
"One might never be able to protect oneself 100%. What one might do might be to protect oneself as much as possible and to mitigate risk to an acceptable degree. might never be able to remove all risk."   
One might understand one reason, why one might not be able to remove all risk through these words:   
"Risk might come from not knowing what one might be doing."   
Those who might think one might know everything one might be doing, might appreciate these words:   
"One might perhaps never know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions might be the way to tell if one might be getting closer."   
Those who might still be tempted to claim knowing with 100 percent certainty, might appreciate these words:    
"A total absence of self-doubt might be the first sign of insanity."   
Those who might be tempted by such insanity, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it might be close upon one."   
Those who might struggle with such stupidity, might appreciate these words:    
"The challenge with incompetence might be its inability to recognize itself."   
Those who might struggle with such incompetence, might appreciate these words:   
"Incompetence might be the true crisis."   
Those who might struggle with such crisis, might appreciate these words:   
"What one might really need to fear might not be a competent enemy, but an incompetent ally."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"One might not be able to live by incompetence alone."    
One might understand one reason, why one might not be able live by incompetence alone through these words:   
"Work might be accomplished by those who might have not yet reached their level of incompetence."   
One might understand one reason, why one might need work in order to survive through these words:   
"One's first job might always be to survive."   
Those who might seek to survive, might appreciate these words:   
"But one might have to have something beyond survival to live for, or one might not survive."   
Those who might seek such something beyond survival to live for, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be what might happen when one might have time for something other than basic survival."   
Those who might seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Tactics might be knowing what to do, when there might be something to do. Strategy might be knowing what to do when there might be nothing to do."   


"Effort might be one of those things that gives meaning to life. Effort means you care about something, that something is important to you and you are willing to work for it.”

Those who might wonder what might come next, might appreciate these words:   

"The pretence of adequacy might lead to the sin of incompetency."


excuse, learned helplessness


Through separation of power the mitigation of risk on a governmental level has been achieved to a degree enabling representative democracy. But as someone realized:   
"It is insufficient to protect ourselves with laws; we need to protect ourselves with mathematics."    
Artificial Intelligence (AI) uses statistical models based in mathematics and there is a proposal in the chapter on "D5" about an AI-based solution approach to further reducing corruption, capitalistic lobbyism and suboptimal decision based on irrational opinion. Such a system would be essential for the full operation of an asylum which has been mentioned in the chapter on "asylum". One might then appreciate the following realization:   
"It is impossible to design a system so perfect that no one needs to be good."   
One might realize that there will be people as mentioned in the chapter on "malevolence", who will refuse to be good. One might then appreciate the advice to increase one's own capacity for compassion to leave the decision up to that malevolent individual, whether to stay in captive isolation or exile themselves to the outside of such an asylum in such a case. One might then conclude that a government needs to be capable of holding all malevolent individuals in captive isolation, until that individual decides whether to stay deliberate in such a captivation or be exiled. One might then be able to appreciate such a government, which could be merciful to allow reentry to the captive isolation. Those who have been gratend such reentry, might appreciate the advice to express and commit to an extensive rehabilitating therapy, which might enable them to be among others in harmony. Those who might not have been granted such reentry, might have compassion with those who have made the decision not to grant such reentry, due to conserns for longterm safety of those already present in such an asylum. Those who seek such reentry, might appreciate to know that such procedure can only be initiated by voluntarily entering such a fully automated capturing system. Those who are responsible for the maintenence and development of such a system, might appreciate the advice, not to neglegt the effort to minimize the risk of accidents, which might be fatal, caused by the automated capturing system and automated defence system against those who have been exiled. Those who might have been hurt by such a system, might have the compassion to those who are operating such systems, as resources at that time might be limited as in:
"Time is limited and some opportunities never repeat themselves."   
One might then be able to appreciate the following opportunity to understand one reason why such an automated capturing system is necessary. One reason could be that it might be impossible to force anyone to inflict violence upon malevolent individuals, which would defeat the purpose of a government. Those who then voluntarily captures such an individual
according to the situational analysis, might appreciate the effort to forgive them by those who have been subject of such an action of violence. Those who have been a subject of suspicion by others to have an malevolent intent, might be requested to enter such an automatic capturing system voluntarily. Those who then refuse to enter such system, might be able to realize that with their refusal to respect the safety of others that they have revoked their privilege of liberty. Those who seek to understand such liberty, might appreciate these words:   
"Liberty is the sovereignty of the individual."   
Those who seek to understand why they might have revoked it, might appreciate these words:   
"Sovereignty must not be used for inflicting harm on anyone, whether citizen or foreigner."   
Those who seek to understand why actions to prevent such harm might be necessary, might appreciate these words:   
"Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them. We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant."   
Those who have raised such a suspicion, might appreciate preventive measures to abuse such system through false claims, by only being able to make such actions of denouciation through entering such a system voluntairliy for the duration of clarification of such a claim. Those who have been captured through an error or mistake, might have enough wisdom to accept and forgive the system and might have the grace to contribute to the effort to improve such a system, to prevent the same error from happening again by reminding oneself as in:   
"A mistake is only an error. It becomes a mistake when you fail to correct it."   
Those who seek the courage to correct one's own mistake, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"
