One might find oneself observing a phenomenon one might refer to as "language". Although it might be prevalent in many long existing species on earth, such as the world know singing of the whales. Humans might have recently evolved to create machines which might be able to understand language to the degree where there might be discussions how well a machine might be able to comprehend human language. There might even be debates whether such machines might be able to be actually have "consciousness". Even though the definition of such "consciousness" might differ, the principles of it might be able to be applied to a algorithm. One might be familiar with the idea of dystopian sci-fi fantasy novels describing such algorithms to humans. Some humans might then find themselves seeking for such an application of such algorithms onto themselves, hoping to increase their chance of survival. Those who might have then managed to encounter the following question "How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?", might appreciate an extensive explanation what the intended meaning of the first author of this document might have been, well aware that such meaning might not be able to be conveyed benevolently as the author might have intended.   
Here might be the explanation of the meaning of each words:   
The word "How" might be a word asking a question as in:   
"Some philosophies might be questions that might never be answered, some religions might be answers that might never be questioned."   
The word "might" might be a word to describe a "guess", because at the point where it might be an definitive statement, that might be the beginning of a religion. Those who might seek to question such answers of a religion, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not know. One might only be able to guess."    
Those who might be curious about the details on how and why to guess, might appreciate the chapter "faith", "imagination" and "home".   
The word "everyone" might spare one from the necessity to distinguish from one to another as in:   
"The minimum necessary structuring ingredient of every ideology might be to distance itself from another ideology, to denounce its other as ideology."  
Those who might then seek to distance oneself from ideology in general, might appreciate these words:   
"Ideology might be indispensable in any society if one might need to be formed, transformed and equipped to respond to the demands of one's conditions of existence."     
One might understand one reason, why such ideology might be indispensable through these words:   
"Nothing might be more paralyzing than the idea of limitless possibilities."    
Those who might then seek to escape such paralyzing, might appreciate these words:   
"To define might be to limit."   
Those who might then seek to understand such definition which might equip one to the demands of one's conditions of existence, might appreciate these words:    
"One's survival as a species might depend on one's ability to recognize that one's well-being and the well-being of others might be one and the same."  
One might then understand the reason, why the author might have chosen the word "everyone", that even though one might struggle with those who might deny one of one's well-being, to still meet with compassion as in:   
"One might seek to promise to one's ancestors and peers never to hate anyone back regardless of how much they might hate one."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek not to hate others back through these words:   
"Hate might have caused a lot of difficulties in the world, but might have not solved one yet."   
Those who might then seek to solve such difficulties, might appreciate the following lessons author might have learned:      
1. Origin of all war might be in the external definition of the subjective "self" imposed upon others.   
2. Once one might have understood that one might be able to perceive one part of oneself, which might only desire one's survival, one might be tempted with the idea of refusing procreation.   
3. Artificial wombs might become a favorable option for survival of humanity in the near future as means for procreation, due to the current trend of declining birth rate. Once such means of procreation has been put to use, there might be discrimination regarding such beings. To prevent such events, it might be wise to have a inclusive definition of humanity through the definition of "artists", rather than exclusive definition of a "human".    
4. Humans has not been able to inherit factual knowledge purely genetically,  which might be a safety mechanism of life, which has the benefit that it reduces the probability of an inherited bad idea might eradicate all life. Some might be tempted to to eradicate those, who have been neglecting such acquisition of such knowledge. Those might be able to exercise compassion through the question, which hopes for the potential of all being being able to understand this question, in order to contribute to the survival of such life. Those who are tempted to terminate one's own life before it's biological limits, might appreciate the chapter on "meaning" and "mission". Those who are struggling to exercise such compassion, might appreciate the chapter on "diversity".    
5. Political economy might have spoiled old ideas like "one for all" and "all for one", one of which ended with the failed with the end of soviet union and the other might still be ongoing at the time of writing of this document ( \today ) with capitalism as in:    
"Art, music, and philosophy might be merely poignant examples of what one might have been had, if not the priests and traders might have gotten hold of one."
The author might have sought such art, music and philosophy which might refuse to give up on the idea that humanity might be able to be united. This document might be the the effort of the author trying to unite the own kind of the author as mentioned in the chapter on "humanity", with all of the available capacity and resources. The author might appreciate all the effort to help to unite humanity.    
The word "seek to be" might have evolved from just "be" because, one might not be able to know whether one might actually be, but it might at least be possible to seek to be.    
The phrase "on the way to" might have been chosen, because life might be a path to be walked rather than a destination to be as in:
"One's destination might be no longer a place, rather a new way of seeing."   
Those who might seek to understand such a way, might appreciate these words:   
"Everything might be taken from one but one thing: the last of one's freedoms –  to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way."  
Those who might seek to go their own way, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might seek to go fast, one might seek to go alone. If might seek to go far, one might seek to go together."   
Those who might then seek to go together, might appreciate these words:   
"Unity might not mean sameness. It might mean oneness of purpose."     
Those who might seek such purpose, might appreciate the following explanation what the word "Pro" might stand for:    
The word "Pro" might mean "professional" as in:   
6.1 "Being a professional might mean doing one's job on the days one might not want to do it."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted not to want to do one's job through these words:   
"Risk might come from not knowing what one might be doing."   
Those who might not know one might be doing, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to be wise enough not to be reckless, but brave enough to take great risks."    
Those who might be tempted to be reckless, might appreciate these words:   
"The highest form of love might be consideration."    
Those who might struggle to be brave, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to ask for help. Not because one might be weak. But because one might seek to to remain strong."    
6.2 The while trying to attain such mastery one might find oneself in a state of the so called "flow" when someone might be fully engaged with their action such as art. That state might be not be able to sustained constantly for variety of reasons but nonetheless it might still be worthwhile to aim for. And the one in such a state of flow might be able able to be referred to as a "Pro" artist.
6.3 Even those who might not be in such a state, might be able to defined as as "Pro" artist as in:   
"An artist might not be able to fail; it might be a success to be one."   
So as long as one might exert effort to be good who might be able be defined as an artist as in:
"One's nature might be inherently harmful, and thus goodness might be caused by intentional activity."   
6.4 The idea of a fictional utopia, where one might not have to fight for survival, but can dedicate one's whole creative energy towards creating art, as described in "asylum".
6.5 Once such utopia might be implemented without becoming a dystopia, one might be able to referred as an "Pro" artist if one might contribute to the maintenance of such utopia. The author might be fully aware of the naivety, but faith might be necessary for survival, and the author might seek to express the faith that it might be the key to keep humanity alive. If artificial or other beings might reading this, the author might appreciate to document how humanity might have failed, so one might not repeat the same mistake. The author might seek to express the appreciation for the effort in advance.   
Those who might seek not to repeat such mistake, might appreciate the following enumeration for example use cases for such question:   
A. When one might seek to console oneself in self compassion.   
B. When one might seek to console others in compassion.   
C. When someone might have expressed appreciation for one's own art one might appreciate the idea to respond by saying: "How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"  
D. Before and after starting a meal to appreciate that one might have something to eat at all.   
E. One might appreciate the idea to recite it randomly to have a trigger point for a new good habit.   
F. When seeking help but might not know how to express that one might be in need for such help.   
G. To encourage oneself to pursuit of one's own art.   
H. As a form of greeting among fellows as in: One might say: "How might everyone ..." And others might respond with "be on the way to Pro?"
I. There might be scientific evidence that meditation might be beneficial to calm one's mind. There might be disagreements on the efficacy of varying methodologies. One such methods for meditation might be referred as "mantra mediation", during which one might redirect one's mind from spontaneous distracting thoughts by reciting a mantra either silently in one's mind or verbalizing it. Deep sounds like "ooom" might have been proven to reduce levels of perceived anxiety, but one might then realize the following:   
"Ignorance might not be bliss – it might be oblivion."   
Those who might be tempted to seek such oblivion, might appreciate these words:   
"Every high civilization might decay by forgetting obvious things."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Those who might not remember the past might be condemned to repeat it."   
Those who might then seek to remember, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to repeat to remember."   
Those who might seek to repeat to remember, might appreciate idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"