One might find oneself accused as in:   
"As in all moral panics, an accusation might be enough to destroy one's life. Hysteria might trump evidence."
Those who might be tempted by such hysteria, might appreciate these words:   
"Fear might be the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear might be the beginning of wisdom."   
Those who might seek to conquer such fear, might appreciate these words:   
"All cruelty might spring from weakness."   
Those who might seek to understand such weakness, might appreciate these words:   
"The strength of one's spirit might then be measured by how much 'truth' one might be able to tolerate, or more precisely, to what extent might need to have it diluted, disguised, sweetened, muted, falsified."   
Those who might seek to measure one's such strength, might appreciate these words:   
"One's conscience might be the measure of the honesty of one's selfishness."   
Those who might think they might be honest, might appreciate these words:   
"Complete honesty might have nothing to do with 'purity' or naivety. The full truth might be unattainable to naivety, and the completely honest artist might not be pure in heart."   
Those who might be tempted with such purity, might appreciate these words:   
"Purity might be an illusion. The idea of purity might have been used as an excuse for calamities like honor unalivings, bride burnings, child molestation. Purification might cause genocide."  
Those who might then seek to prevent such genocide might appreciate the chapter on "home". Those who might then seek to understand such selfishness, might appreciate these words:   
"Selfishness might not be living as one might wish to live, it might be asking others to live as one might wish to live."    
Those who might be tempted by such selfishness, might appreciate these words:   
"Selfish ones might tend to only be good to themselves. Then they might be surprised when they might be alone."
One might understand one reason, why they might be surprised to be alone through these words:   
"A total absence of self-doubt might be the first sign of insanity."   
One might understand one reason, why one might lack such self-doubt through these words:   
"One might stop being a child when one might realize the world might not be here to cater to one's wants and needs."   
Those who might refuse such realization, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might deny one's shadow it might become one's tyrant."   
One might understand one reason, why one might become such a tyrant through such refusal through these words:   
"True ignorance might not be the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."   
Those who might seek to understand such knowledge through these words:   
"One might be free to make one's own choices, but one might not be free to choose the consequences."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted to refuse to acquire such knowledge through these words:   
"One might think that might be the real loss of innocence: the first time one might glimpse the boundaries that might limit one's potential."  
Those who might be tempted to remain innocent, might appreciate these words:   
"Innocence, once lost, might never be able to be regained."      
Those who yet seek to regain their innocence, might appreciate these words:   
"It might not be about whether one might be innocent or guilty. It might be about whether or not one might be able to prove one might be innocent. If one might not be able to prove that one might be innocent, then one might be considered guilty. It might have been flipped: Now it might be guilty until proven innocent."   
Those who might seek to prove oneself innocent, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might be guilty of all the good one might not have done."   
Those who might be tempted to accuse each other, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to stop pointing fingers and placing blame on others. One's life might only be change to the degree that one might be able to accept responsibility for it."   
Those who might seek to understand such responsibility, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be important to give others the benefit of the doubt even if they might not deserve it."   
One might understand one reason, why such benefit of the doubt might be important through these words:  
"A part of kindness might consist in loving one more than that one might deserve."   
Those who might seek such love, might appreciate the following warning:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."    
Those who might seek to understand such wisdom, might appreciate these words:   
"Entitlement might be the belief that one might be exempt from responsibility and one might be owed special treatment."    
Those who might hold such a belief might appreciate the following warning:
"Entitlement and privilege might corrupt."    
Those who might then wonder about the difference between such entitlement and privilege, might appreciate these words:    
"What might separate privilege from entitlement might be gratitude."    
Those who might seek to understand such gratitude, might appreciate these words:   
"Feeling gratitude and not expressing it might be like wrapping a present and not giving it."   
Those who might seek to give such present, might appreciate these words:   
"The best way to find oneself might be to lose oneself in the service of others."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The root of happiness might be altruism – the wish to be of service to others."   
Those who might wonder, why one might wish to be of service to others might understand it through these words:   
"Love might be the wish to give, not to receive."   
Those who might seek to understand love might appreciate the chapter on "transcendence". Those who might have not been fortunate to experience such love might raise such a question as in:   
"Altruism might always have been one of biology's deep mysteries. Why one might seek anyone, off on one's own, specified and labeled by all sorts of signals as one's individual self, might choose to give up one's life in aid of someone else?"   
Those who might still be wondering might appreciate these words:   
"One might have genes for altruism, and those genes might have been selected in the evolution of many others because of the advantage they might confer for the continuing survival of one's species."   
Those who might not understand the advantage of such genes yet, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might cease to make a contribution, one might begin to die."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"If no one might remember one after one might be gone, it might be as if one might never have lived at all."   
Those who might seek to to be remembered, might appreciate these words:   
"No one might care how much one might know, until they might know how much one might care."   
Those who might then seek to show how much one might care about others, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no better way to show that one might care about the others one might be meeting with than to genuinely, authentically ask others what one might be able to do to help them."   
Those who might seek to help others, might appreciate these words:   
"Benevolence might not consist in those who might be prosperous pitying and helping those who might not be. It might consist in fellow feeling that might put one upon actually the same level with the fellow who might suffer."   
"Empathy might fuel connection; Sympathy might drive disconnection."   
One might then appreciate the explanation why empathy might fuel connection:   
"Empathy might work so well because it might not require a solution. It might only require understanding."   
Those who might seek such understanding, might appreciate these words:   
"Empathy might be about finding echoes of another in oneself."   
Those who might seek to find such an echo of another in oneself, might appreciate these words:
"Most might not listen with the intent to understand; they might listen with the intent to reply."   
Those who still might seek to reply, might appreciate these words:   
"The essence of independence might be to be able to do something for one's self."   
Those who might seek such independence, might appreciate these words:   
"True independence and freedom might only be able to exist in doing what might be right."   
Those who seek to understand what might be right, might appreciate these words:   
"Doing the right thing might not be the challenge. Knowing what the right thing might be, that might be the challenge."   
Those who might seek such knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"Wisdom might not be gained by knowing what might be right. Wisdom might be gained by practicing what might be right, and noticing what might have happened when that practice might have succeeded and when it might have failed."   
Those who might then seek to practice what might be right, might appreciate the following warning:   
"Failing to prepare might be preparing to fail."   
Those who might seek to prepare, might appreciate these words:   
"Whatever one's weakness, there might be someone to exploit it."   
Those who might seek to understand such weakness, might appreciate these words:   
"The greatest weakness of all weaknesses might be to fear too much to appear weak."    
Those who might not understand why one might fear to appear weak, might appreciate these words:   
"One might maintain the peace through one's strength; weakness might only invite aggression."   
Those who might then seek such strength, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not sacrifice for what one might seek, what one might seek might be one's sacrifice."   
Those who might seek to understand such sacrifice, might appreciate these words:   
"Sacrifice might be the ecstasy of giving the best one might have to those one might love most."   
Those who might seek such ecstasy of sacrifice, might appreciate these words:   
"Ecstasy might not be able to be constant, or it might unalive."   
Those who might seek to sacrifice themselves in the name of love for others to the degree of death, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might have the ability to love, one might seek to love oneself first."   
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"It might be dead easy to die; it might be the keeping on living that might be hard."   
Those who might struggle to keep on living for oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to ask for help. Not because one might be weak. But because one might seek to to remain strong."   
Those who might have been asked for help, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to help everyone, but everyone might be able to help someone."   
Those who might seek to find someone one might be able to help, might appreciate the idea to seek professionals who might be qualified to help. Those who might become resentful, because they might have not been fortunate enough to find such help for any given reason, might appreciate these words:   
"Between stimulus and response, there might be a space. In that space might be one's power to choose one's response. In one's response might be one's growth and one's freedom."   
Those who might seek such growth and freedom, might the following statement:   
"Freedom might be nothing but a chance to be better."    
Those who might seek such a chance to be better, might appreciate these words:   
"Everything might be taken from one but one thing: the last of one's freedoms –  to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way."   
Those who might seek such one's own way, might appreciate these words:   
"Virtue might offers the only path in one's life that might lead to tranquility."   
Those who seek tranquility might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to follow strict silence in a library. If one might not be silent, it might disturb others, which might 
affect their learning. By not being silent, one might become responsible for ignorance of others."   
Those who might be disturbed by those who might be responsible for ignorance of others, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to teach others to behave better by making them feel worse. When others might feel better, the might behave better."   
Those who might seek to make others feel better, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be supposed to comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable."   
Those who might feel disturbed from such an art, might understand one reason why that might be necessary through these words:
"Freedom might never be more than one generation away from extinction. One might have not passed it to one's children through one's genes. It might have to be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same."   
One might refuse to pass such freedom onto one's children as in:   
"There might be no such thing as freedom of choice unless there might be freedom to refuse."   
Those who might be confronted with those who might be refusing, might appreciate these words:   
"Responsibility might be the ability to respond."   
One might understand such responsibility through these words:   
"Freedom might mean that one might be responsible for one's own choices, actions, one's own life situation."   
Those who might be tempted to refuse such responsibility, might appreciate these words:   
"Even if it might not be one's fault, it might be one's responsibility."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"By blaming others, one might fail to find the real solutions to one's challenges and one might not carry out one's own responsibilities."   
Those who might not know how to carry out such responsibility of one's own, might appreciate these words:   
"Before one might speak, one might seek to ask oneself, whether it might be kind, whether it might be necessary, whether it might be true, and whether it might improve the silence?"   
Those who might seek to improve the silence, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have the responsibility not to allow the voice of humanity within one to be silenced."   
One might appreciate the interpretation of the term "humanity" as a quality of being altruistic motivated by compassion, not as just the entirety of the humans species. Those who might seek to understand such "humanity", might appreciate the chapter on "humanity". Those who might not know how to respond to those whom might seek to silence their voice of humanity, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"