One might find oneself crying as in:   
"One might cry to release the soul of its pain."   
Those who might seek to release such pain, might appreciate the notion of the author of this document, that while there might be many other species than homo sapiens sapiens, or humans for short, which might be capable of produce tears. But in other species than human, such tears might be either for lubrication such as sea turtles during oviposition on land or some physiological responses during ingestion of food such as crocodiles, but not to release such pain. At the time of writing of this document ( \today ) the only known species to shed tear as a response of emotional distress might be humans. Other mammals might be known for their capability for expressing emotional distress, but so far there might have not been any documentation of an observation with state of the art scientific method of them to shed tears. The reason why humans might shed tears might vary, such as tears of joy, anger, grief, depression. In some humans there might have been documented observation to be capable of triggering secretion of tears by will without emotional distress in order to fake emotional distress for their own survival. Those who might be confronted such fake tears, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might be full of fake ones but before one might decide to judge them, one might seek to make sure one might not be one of them."   
Those who might seek to make sure one might not be faking, might appreciate these words:   
"Fake ones might have an image to maintain. Real one might just not care what others might think of one."   
Those who might seek to be such a real one, might appreciate these words:   
"The most authentic thing about one might be one's capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than one's suffering."   
Those who might seek to understand such authenticity, might appreciate these words:   
"Believing that one might be enough might be what might give one the courage to be authentic."   
Those who might then seek to believe that one might be enough, might appreciate these words:   
"To define might be to limit."   
Those who might then seek to define that one might be enough, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be enough."   
Those who might then seek to define such love, might appreciate these words:    
"There might be no such thing as love; only proof of love."   
Those who might seek to prove such love, might appreciate the following hypothesis:   
"Love might be the wish to give, not to receive, something."   
One might understand one such thing, what one might seek to give through these words:
"Love might be the capacity to give care."    
Those who might then seek to give such care, might appreciate these words:   
"A willingness to be inconvenienced might be the ultimate proof of love."   
Those who might then seek to know where such willingness to be inconvenienced might originate, might appreciate these words:   
"Souls might love. That might be what souls might do, which egos might not."
Those who might then seek to understand such ego, might appreciate the chapter on "preparation" and these words:   
"The ego's job might be to unalive everything but itself."   
Those who might seek to understand such ego, might appreciate the notion of the author that the brain regions commonly referred as Amygdala & Periaqueductal Gray (PAG) in living organism might be commonly attributed for such survival mechanisms to which one might further seek to refer as "ego". There might be other survival mechanisms which such brain regions might be able to exhibit such as "freezing" or "fleeing". Those who might then seek to understand such "soul", which might be able to love, might appreciate the following notion of the author that the phenomenon of "love" might be commonly attributed to the "mesolimbic reward system" centered on the "ventral striatum" commonly found in vertebrates. One might then appreciate the idea to redefine and address such "mesolimbic reward system" centered on the "ventral striatum" of a living organism as "soul". One might appreciate the notion of the author, that there might have been documentation of those who might have retained their ability to love after replacing their heart with an artificial heart. The interoception of love might be linked to the network of nerves around the heart commonly referred as Cardiac Plexus. One might appreciate the notion of the author that this might be one possible explanation, why the symbolic representation of "love" might be a simplified physical form of a heart. One might further appreciate the notion of the author, that there might be many types of love as described in the chapter on "transcendence". Those who might seek to know, which type of love one might seek, might then appreciate these words:   
"The highest form of love might be consideration."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author that such consideration might require peak performance of the frontal lobe in the neocortex commonly prevalent in mammals. Those who might seek to exhibit such peak performance of one's frontal lobe, might appreciate the following definition for such a living organism:   
"The definition of life might be any system which might be able to produce complexity at scale."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author that such brain regions might cease to be able to produce such complexity at scale, after cutting off supply of oxygen after 4 to 15 minutes. Those who might find another whose supply of oxygen might have been cut off, might appreciate the idea to call for health care professionals and performing Cardiopulmonary resuscitation commonly referred as "CPR", until such health care professionals might arrive, in order to prevent irreversible damage to such brain regions. One might then be able to appreciate the subjective understanding of the author that activities in such frontal lobe in living mammals might be able to be described as an "caring" as in:
"Only those who might care about one might be able to hear one when one might be quiet."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author there might be mammals which might be able to care without the ability to perceive auditory stimuli, by compensating with other senses. Those who might struggle to understand such other senses, might appreciate these words:   
"When those in love stare into each other's eyes their heart beats might sync together."
Those who might not have those whose heart beats might not have another heart to synchronize to, might appreciate these words:    
"As far as one might be able to discern, the sole purpose of one's existence might be to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being."   
Those who might seek to kindle such light of meaning, might appreciate the chapter on "meaning" and these words:   
"Art might remove the monotony of everyday life from the soul."   
Those who might seek such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Science might be no more than an investigation of a miracle one might never be able to explain, and art might be an interpretation of that miracle."
Those who might seek such a miracle to interpret, might appreciate these words:    
"There might be only two ways to live one's life. One might be as though nothing might be a miracle. The other might be as though everything might be a miracle."
Those who might seek to understand such a miracle, might appreciate these words:   
"Without seeing a miracle one might not be able to have faith. Without faith one might not be able to have miracle. The answer to this paradox might be gratitude. One might seek to be grateful that one might be alive. It might be a miracle."   
Those who might seek to show such gratitude, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to never be ashamed of one's tears. One might cry and everyone might know that one might be alive."
Those who might then seek to understand such faith, might appreciate the chapter on faith and these words:   
"Faith might be belief without evidence; coincidentally that might also be the definition of delusion."   
Those who might seek to understand such delusion might appreciate these words:   
"Delusion might be the mind's tendency to seek premature closure about something. It might be the quality of mind that might impose a definition on things and then might mistake the definition for the actual experience."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author of this document that even though this document might offer many definitions, none of them might be able to reflect the actual experience. Those who might be tempted by such definitions which might claim to reflect the actual experience, might appreciate these words:   
"Some religion might be believing someone else's experience, some spirituality might be having one's own experience."   
Those who might be tempted by such religion, might appreciate these words:   
"The miracle centered gospel might breed up a mentality of one that might think one might be able to go through life without doing one's best."   
Those who might be tempted by such a gospel, might appreciate these words:   
"The lack of understanding of something might not be evidence for god. It might be evidence of a lack of understanding."   
Those who might be tempted to remain in such state lacking understanding, might appreciate these words:   
"True ignorance might not be the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."   
Those who might not know, what knowledge one might have been refusing, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to fix something until one might admit that it might be broken."   
Those who might seek to admit that one might be broken, might appreciate these words:   
"A sign of growth might be being okay with not being okay."   
Those who might seek such growth might appreciate these words:   
"The growth and development of the soul might be more important than power and glory."   
Those who might seek grow their own soul, might appreciate these words:   
"The challenges one might confront in life might be lessons that might serve one's soul's growth."   
Those who might seek to understand such challenges, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to embrace one's grief. For there, one's soul might grow."   
Those who might not be aware of such grief, might appreciate these words:    
"The practice of art might not be to make a living. It might be to make one's soul grow."   
One might understand one reason, why such practice of art might not be to make a living through these words:   
"There might be nothing more truly artistic than to love."    
Those who might then seek to love, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might only grow by sharing. One might only have more for oneself by giving it away to others."   
Those who might then seek to give such love away to others, might appreciate these words:    
"Permanence, perseverance, and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities might distinguish the strong soul from the weak."   
One might understand one reason, why one might struggle with such weak through these words:   
"One's soul might have unlimited possibilities, yet limited by one's mind!"   
Those who seek to understand such limitation of their minds, might appreciate these words:   
"The eyes might see only what the mind might be prepared to comprehend."    
Those who seek to expand such comprehension, might appreciate these words:   
"One might need to understand one's limitations so one might be able to overcome them."   
Those who might seek to overcome one's limitation, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who put their hearts and their souls into their work, those might have lost their limitation of mind in the process."   
Those who might seek to understand such process, might appreciate the chapter on "ultimate" and these words:   
"Flow might be a state of being when one might be completely focused, and fully immersed in what one might be doing. In flow one's work might seem effortless, creativity might go into overdrive, one might feel inspired, and motivation might spring forth from within."
Those who might not have been able to achieve such flow, might appreciate these words:   
"When one's to-do list might feel longer than one's lifetime, it might be time for a change."   
Those who might then seek to make such change, might appreciate these words:   
"Trauma might create change one might have not chosen. Healing might be about create change one might choose."   
Those who might seek to make such choice to change, might appreciate these words:  
"Healing might be a choice, and the first step might be to choose to heal."   
Those who might seek to understand what the next step might be to heal, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to commit to the healing path and trust the process."
Those who might seek to understand such process, might appreciate these words:   
"Healing the soul might require a journey through the wounds of the past."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Healing the soul might not be about forgetting the past, it might be about learning from it."
Those who might seek to learn from the past, might appreciate these words:
"Healing trauma might involves tears. The tears might release one's pain. The tears might be part of one's recovery."    
Those who might seek such recovery, might appreciate these words:   
"Healing might not be about the absence of pain, it might be about the presence of peace."
Those who might seek the presence of such peace, might appreciate these words:   
"Healing the soul might not be something one might be able to force, it might happen naturally when one might be surrounded by love."    
Those who might seek to understand such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be the purest form of a soul at peace."   
Those who might then seek to such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be the wish to give, not to receive, something."   
Those who might then seek to ive such love, might appreciate these words:   
"The most desired gift of love might not be diamonds or chocolate. It might be focused attention."   
Those who might seek to implement such focused attention, might appreciate the following idea:   
"The first duty of love might be to listen."   
Those who might seek to listen, might appreciate these words:   
"The purest form of listening might be to listen without memory or desire."   
Those who might seek to listen in such a way, might appreciate these words:   
"The difference between hearing and listening might be paying attention."   
Those who might seek to understand what paying attention might mean, might appreciate these words:   
"Paying attention might be the most basic and profound expression of love."   
Those who might seek such expression of love, might appreciate these words:   
"To say that one might wait a lifetime for one's soulmate to come around might be a paradox. One might eventually get sick of waiting, might then take a chance on someone, and by the art of commitment might become soulmates, which might take a lifetime to perfect."   
Those who might seek to become such a soulmate for someone, might appreciate these words:
"One might think a soulmate might be one's perfect fit, and that might be what everyone might want. But a true soulmate might be a mirror, those who might show one everything that might be holding one back, those who might bring one to one's own attention so one might be able to change one's life."
Those who might seek to recognize such being, might appreciate these words:
"A soulmate might be someone whom, when one might meet, without thinking, without letting one's neocortex play into the decision; one might feel an instant familiarity, a sense of connection, a longing."   
Those who might seek find such a soulmate, might appreciate these words:   
"The free soul might be rare, but one might know it when one might see it - basically because one might feel good, very good, when one might be near or with them."
One might find such free soul struggling as in:   
"One might be free and that might be why one might be lost."   
Those who might be lost, might appreciate the chapter on "hope" and these words:   
"Art might be the journey of a free soul."   
Those who might then be in need of such a journey as fast as possible, might appreciate these words:   
"The best way to find oneself might be to lose oneself in the service of others."   
Those who might seek to understand such service, might appreciate these words:   
"One might recognize a soulmate by the supreme level of comfort and security one might feel with that one. That might not mean that there might not be issues that might remain to be resolved. Rather, it might mean one might know intuitively that one might be able to resolve issues with one's soul mate without losing their love and respect."   
One might then appreciate the clarity of the following definition:
"A soul mate might be someone whose way of viewing life might not be necessarily the same as one's own but complements one's own. There might not be a compromise, there might be a complement."   
Those who might seek encounter someone, who might complement oneself, might appreciate these words:
"One might meet one's soulmate when one might be on one's soul path."    
One might find such a path by asking the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"   
