One might find oneself struggling as in:
"The two hardest things to say in life might be 'hello' for the first time and 'goodbye' for the last."   
Those who might be struggling to greet others for the first time, might appreciate the chapter on "clarity" and "diversity". Those who might be struggling to say farewell for the last time, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to embrace one's grief. For there, one's soul might grow."   
Those who might seek to understand such soul, might appreciate the chapter on "soul". Those who might then seek to understand such grief one might seek to embrace, might appreciate these words:   
"Grief might be the proof of ones love, a demonstration of how deeply one might have allowed another to touch one."
Those who might be suffering of such proof of love, might appreciate these words:   
"Sometimes love's final test might be letting go with grace and dignity."   
Those who seek to understand such dignity, might appreciate the chapter on "integrity". Those who seek to understand such grace, might appreciate these words:
"There might be a difference between grace and mercy. Mercy might be the decision of one not to punish oneself or another. But grace might the decision of one to save oneself or another."   
Those who seek such salvation, might appreciate these words:
"An idea might be salvation by imagination."   
Those who seek such imagination, might appreciate the chapter on "imagination". Those who seek such an idea for salvation, might appreciate these words:
"Grace might mean that all of one's mistakes now serve a purpose instead of serving shame."   
Those who might then seek to let one's serve such purpose, might appreciate these words:   
"What might be the progress one might have made, what ones mind might think that it might be a mistake?"
Those who seek to understand such mistake, might realize it through these words:   
"The fear of death might follow from the fear of life. One who might live fully might be prepared to die at any time."    
Those who might seek to be prepared to die at any time, might appreciate the idea to prepare a testament and these words:
"Death might not be the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss might be what might die inside one while one might live."   
One might understand one possibility, what might die inside one while one might live through these words:   
"It might be easy to be a naive idealist. It might be easy to be a cynical realist. It might be quite another thing to have no illusions and still hold the inner flame."   
Those who might struggle to hold their "inner flame", which might be able to be understood as a metaphor, might find a way to reignite it through these words:
"In everyone's life, at some time, one's inner fire might go out. It might be then burst into flame by an encounter with another one."
Those who might seek to encounter such another one, who might be able to burst one's inner flame, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be to console those who might have been broken by life."   
Those who might seek to encounter such art, might appreciate the chapter on "ultimate" and these words:    
"ultimate artist might not be one who might be inspired, but one who might inspire others."   
Those who might not be fortunate enough  to meet such ultimate artist, might appreciate these words:    
"Pain might be only bearable if one might know it might end, not if one might deny that it might exist."   
Those who might be tempted to end such pain, might appreciate these words:   
"The salvation of one might only be in making everything the concern of all."   
Those who might seek to make one's salvation the concern of all, might appreciate the chapter on "humanity". Those who do seek to be concerned with salvation of others, might appreciate these words:
"There might be a great difference between worry and concern. A worried one might see a difficulty, and a concerned one might seek to solve such a difficulty."   
Those who might be tempted to refuse to solve such difficulty, might appreciate these words:
"When confronted with a challenge, the committed one might search for a solution. The undecided one might search for an escape."   
Those who might be tempted to escape, might appreciate the chapter on "hope" and these words:   
"Art might never be finished, only abandoned."   
Those who might seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be the highest form of hope."   
Those who might seek to understand such hope, might appreciate the chapter on "hope" and these words:   
"And hope might never abandon one – only one might be able to abandon it."   
Those who might then be tempted to abandon such hope, might appreciate these words:   
"The important point of spiritual practice might not be to try to escape one's life, but to confront it - exactly and completely."   
Those who might seek to confront one's life, might appreciate these words:   
"The price of anything might be the amount of life one might exchange for it."   
Those who might be tempted to exchange all of one's life, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be dead easy to die; it might be the keeping on living that might be hard."   
Those who might be tempted by such easy death, might appreciate the idea to consult local health care professionals. Those who might not have access to such professionals might appreciate further random helpful resources such as: https://www.iasp.info/
Those who might then seek to keep on living, might appreciate the idea to become a successing author of this document by ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"
