One might find oneself left with the following philosophical question
"There might be but one actually serious philosophical challenge and that might be whether to unalive oneself."
One might find oneself listening as the last audience, as someone on the first day of a voluntary first responder for medical issues, listening with the excrusiating realization that one might know noone who might have the commitment to reach one, to prevent such occation, if other might have known such occation might be probable occur. One might then find oneself, confused in sudden every day moments, when insanity might seem irresistibly tempting.
The first author of this document might have created this document series called "42?" during exactly of  those moments of tempation. Whether the sanity of the first author of this document, there might be some truth to the idea of humor as in:
"It might be the ability to take a joke, not make one, that might prove one might have a sense of humor."    
One might then appreciate the opportunity to deemed worthy of the ultimate challenge in live, willing to stay at least alive trying to listen to the "ultimate joke" of life, which some might have already spoiled it that that the "silent staff" behind the grand curtain of "mystery of life" might have not much to offer.
One might then struggle to find a way to make a contribution to such opportunity with least unintended harm as possible.
One might then appreciate this document, as an non-commercial attempt to inspire hope with humor in a world where every news paper headline seems to be a bad written bad joke.
As an artist, the first author might have seen  many ideas die. But the first author realized that no new ideas would come from condoling the dead ones.
One might then appreciate the following idea to live stream oneself to an online channel trying to deviver a joke.
And that there might be an annual public viewing of a selection of videos where at least one volunteer was able to endure until the very last moments, as the "ultimate art".
Those who might have supported other audience watching each other until the very last moments of that show, might then realize that the jokes were not that funny.
Those who might  have to respond to those might then appreciate these words:
"Complaining about a challenge without posing a solution might be called whining."
Those who might be tempted to whine, might appreciate to tell themselves these words:    
"Before one might complain today, one might seek to be grateful one might have breath to complain with."   
One might then be able to save that breath long enought to exchange it for an ticket as an live audience for the upcoming "ultimate art". 
Those who might have not seen any contributions yet, might appreciate the following clarification for the premise of such an entertainment:
"One might have understood that only submissions might be accepted with the full conscent of all the involved parties in that submission. 
One might have understood that only submissions might be accepted to the final viewing, after a human voluntary reviewer might have recommended it.
One might have understood that only submission attempts might be accepted that this series might need the following introduction, to be automatically recognized through and automated workflow pipeline as whether to keep streaming or to blacklist to avoid unintended harm to keep inspiring hope in the audience that there might might still be some hope left to finally at least hear a genuinely good joke once: 'The world must be ending, because I cannot hear any laughter other than my own, but here is my joke anyway on record for the last channel I can hope that someone will have at least something to laught about, to which I still listen to in order to prove that I have still a sense of humor:'" 
Those who might still be waiting for the lottery for the remaining tickets, might appreciate the idea to ask at the staff for any reserved tickets for those who might have asked following question:
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"
