One might find oneself having a bad day as in:   
"All it might take might be one bad day to reduce the sanest one alive to lunacy."   
Those who might struggle with such a bad day might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to turn really bad days into really good data."   
Those who might seek to understand what such data might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Information might be just bits of data. Knowledge might be putting them together. Wisdom might be transcending them."   
Those who might seek to put such information together, might appreciate these words:   
"The whole might be greater than the sum of its parts."   
Those who might then seek to transcend such knowledge, might appreciate the following warning:   
"The saddest aspect of life right now might be that science might gather knowledge faster than society might gather wisdom."    
Those who might seek to gather such wisdom, might appreciate these word:   
"One might seek to be aware of unearned wisdom."   
Those who might then seek to earn such wisdom, might appreciate these words:   
"Knowledge might become wisdom only after it might have been put to good use."   
Those who might seek to put their knowledge to good use, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to void those who might say they might know the answer. One might seek to keep the company of those who might be trying to understand the question."    
Those who might be confronted with those who might claim to know such an answer, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might have the role in education of helping children become like themselves instead of more like everyone else."    
Those who might be confronted with those who might request them to be like everyone else, might appreciate these words.:    
"All children might be artists. The challenge might be how to remain an artist when one might grow up."   
Those who might seek to remain such an artist, might appreciate these words:   
"The ultimate question for a responsible one to ask might not be how one might be to extricate oneself heroically from the affair, but how the coming generation might be going to live."   
Those who might seek to be concerned with the upbringing of such a generation, might appreciate these words:
"Some religion might attack one in our deepest integrity by saying one might not be a able to make a moral decision without it."   
Those who might seek to understand such religion, might appreciate these words:   
"It might have to be understood that religion might not be faith. Religion might be the story of faith."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted by such story through these words:   
"Sometimes reality might be too complex. Stories might give it form."   
Those who might still be tempted to seek such story, might appreciate these words:   
"Oversimplifying might be the first grave mistake one might make when confronted by complexity; overconfidence might be the second."
Those who might seek not to make such mistake, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be three sides to every story. One's own, others and the truth."   
Those who might think that one's side of story might suffice, might appreciate these words:
"It might be hubris to think that the way one might see things might be everything there might be."    
Those who might think that the side of story of others might suffice, might appreciate these words:    
"Some religion might be believing someone else's experience, some spirituality might be having one's own experience."   
Those who might seek to have such experience of one's own, might appreciate these words:   
"While it might be wise to learn from one's own experience, it might be wiser to learn from the experiences of others."  
One might understand one reason, why it might be wiser to learn from the experiences of others through these words:
"Some religion might be for those who might be afraid of going to hell. Some spirituality might be for those who might already have been there."   
Those who might then seek to understand such "hell", might appreciate these words:   
"Hell might not be fire and brimstone, not a place where one might be punished for lying or cheating or stealing. Hell might be wanting to be something and somewhere different from where one might be."     
Those who might be struggling in such hell, might appreciate these words:  
"One might be able to make hell out of heaven and heaven out of hell. It might be all in the mind."    
Those who might seek to make heaven out of hell, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might be going through hell, one might seek to keep going."   
Those who might fear such hell, might appreciate these words:   
"The function of prayer might not be to influence god, but rather to change the nature of the one who might pray."
Those who might seek to influcence such god, might appreciate these words:   
"Selfishness might not be living as one might wish to live, it might be asking others to live as one might wish to live."   
Those who might be tempted by such such selfishness, might appreciate these words:   
"The only sin might be selfishness."   
Those who might be suffering from such sin, might appreciate these words:   
"No amount of guilt might be able to change the past and no amount of worrying might be able to change the future."   
Those who might seek to change their future, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness might not be something one might do for others. It might be something one might do for oneself to move on."   
Those who might seek to move on, might appreciate these words:   
"Nothing might erase the past. There might be repentance, there might be atonement, and there might be forgiveness. That might be all, but that might be enough."   
Those who might seek to understand such repentence, might appreciate these words:   
"Changed behavior might be the only apology, otherwise, it might just be manipulation."   
Those who might seek to change such behavior, might appreciate these words:   
"The beginning of atonement might be the sense of its necessity."
Those who might seek to change one's behavior, might appreciate these words:   
"Avoidance of self-deception might be a matter of integrity not comfort."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Of all forms of deception self-deception might be the most deadly, and of all deceived ones the self-deceived might be the least likely to discover the fraud."
Those who might seek to avoid such self-deception, might appreciate these words:   
"A total absence of self-doubt might be the first sign of insanity."   
Those who might lack such self-doubt, might appreciate these words:   
"The bane of sects might be that if any one might happen to have a different opinion, that one might immediately starts a new sect due to lack of patience to wait for resolution of such different opinion."   
Those who might seek to resolve such different opinion, might appreciate these words:   
"Difference of opinion might lead to inquiry, and inquiry to the truth."   
Those who might seek to understand such truth might appreciate these words:  
"It might be a truism that almost any sect, cult, or religion might legislate its creed into law if it might acquire the political power to do so."   
Those who might then seek to understand such political power, might appreciate these words:   
"Political power might mean the capacity to regulate national life through national representatives."   
Those who might seek to become such a national representative, might appreciate the chapter on "home" and these words:   
"The representative body might need to represent all of its citizens rather than any one class or section of its citizens."   
Those who might seek to represent all of its citizens, might appreciate these words:   
"The best leaders might be humble enough to realize their victories might depend upon their team."  
Those who might seek such team, might appreciate these words:
"Without trust one might not be able to truly collaborate; one might coordinate or at best cooperate. It might be trust that might transform a group into a team."   
Those who might seek such collaboration, might appreciate these words:   
"Transparency might seed collaboration."   
Those who might seek to understand such transparency, might appreciate these words:   
"Transparency might be for those who might carry out public duties and exercise public power. Privacy might be for everyone else."  
Those who might seek such privacy, might appreciate the chapter on "civilization". Those who might seek to excercise such public power, might appreciate these words:    
"Power might attract the corruptible. One might seek to suspect anyone who might seek it."    
Those who might seek to understand, whom to suspect, might appreciate these words:   
"Naive ones might be, more or less by definition, unaware that they might be naive."   
Those who might be unaware of their own naivity, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be very naive and innocent, and might not understand a lot of things yet."   
Those who might then seek to understand more, might appreciate these words:   
"The enemy of love might not be hate. It might be indifference. The enemy of love might be turning away from those in need. The enemy of love might be doing nothing when one might be able to help one's fellow ones."   
Those who might seek to understand such enemy, might appreciate these words:  
"All warfare might be based on deception. If one's enemy might be superior, one might seek to evade them. If they might be angry, one might seek to irritate them. If they might be equally matched, one might seek to fight and if not: One might seek to split them and re-evaluate."
Those who might then seek to re-evalutate, might appreciate these words:     
"Everyone might have something to teach one, if one might be humble enough to learn."   
Those who might struggle to learn, might appreciate these words:   
"How many times might the other have to betray one before one might learn?"   
Before one might seen an answer, one might appreciate these words:   
"Betrayal might be common for those with no conscience."
Those who might seek to understand such conscience, might appreciate these words:   
"Conscience might be the inner voice that might warn one somebody might be looking."   
Those who might whose voice one might hear, might appreciate these words:   
"Children might seek not to repeat their parents' mistakes, especially if their parents might be around to warn them."   
Those who might seek to warn children, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to protect one's children from life. Therefore, it might be essential that one might prepare them for it."
Those who might seek to prepare children, might appreciate these words:   
"Unlimited tolerance might have lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If one might extend unlimited tolerance even to those who might be intolerant, if one might not be prepared to defend a tolerant society, then the tolerant might be be destroyed, and tolerance with them. One might therefore seek to claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant."
Those who might seek to recognize such intolerant ones, might appreciate these words:   
"A mistake might only be an error. It might become a mistake when one might fail to correct it."   
Those who might be confronted with those who might fail to correct their error, might appreciate these words:   
"The true measure of any society might be able to be found in how it might treat its most vulnerable members."    
Those who might seek to know, how one might seek to treat such vulnable members, might appreciate these words:   
"A part of kindness might consist in loving one more than that one might deserve."   
Those who might seek offer such kindness, might appreciate the following warning:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."    
Those who might seek to understand such kindness, might appreciate chapter on "protection" and these words:   
"One might have made a fatal error thinking others might be able to save one."
Those who might then seek to save themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"Those who might not understand history might be doomed to repeat it."   
Those who might seek to understand such history, might appreciate these words:   
"Shame might be the lie someone told one about oneself."
Those who might then seek to know the truth about oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Shame might be the intensely painful feeling or experience of believing that one might be flawed and therefore unworthy of love and belonging."    
Those who might feel such chame, might appreciate these words:   
"Once one might get past the fear of being seen, one might be able to get to the part where one might know one might not be alone."
Those who might still fear to be seen, might appreciate these words:   
"No low trust society might ever produce sustained innovation."   
Those who might seek to sustain such innovation, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith and fear both might demand one to believe in something one might not be able to see. One might have the choice."   
Those who might seek to understand such faith, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be what might have happened to one. One might be what one might have chosen to become."   
Those who might seek to know, what one might be able to choose, might appreciate these words:   
"One might believe in second chances, but one might not believe in third or fourth chances."   
Those who might give second chances easily, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to forgive but do not forget, or one might be hurt again. Forgiving might change the perspectives. Forgetting might lose the lesson."  
Those who might seek to understand such lesson, might appreciate these words:   
"Insanity might be doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:   
"Disappointment might be the gap that exists between expectation and reality."   
Those who might be confronted with such disappointment, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to accept finite disappointment, but one might have to never lose infinite hope."
Those who might seek not to lose such infinite hope, might appreciate these words:   
"Only those who might risk going too far might be able to possibly find out how far one might be able to go."    
Those who might seek to take such risk, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might seek to go fast, one might seek to go alone. If might seek to go far, one might seek to go together."   
Those who might no longer go together, might appreciate these words:   
"One's prayers might be able to go where one might not be able to go."   
Those who might wonder what one might need so such prayer might be able to go as far as possible, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might pray without faith, one might be simply making sounds in the air. They might not get further than the ceiling."   
Those who might seek to understand such faith, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might be to believe what one might not see; the reward of this faith might be to see what one might believe."   
Those who might seek such faith, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might be belief without evidence; coincidentally that might also be the definition of delusion."   
 Those who might seek to understand such delusion, might appreciate these words:   
"A religion without mystery might have to be a religion without god."   
Those who might seek to understand such mystery, might appreciate these words:   
"Mystery might be delightful, but unscientific, since it might depend upon ignorance."   
Those who might seek to understand such ignorance, might appreciate these words:  
"True ignorance might not be the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."   
Those who might seek to acquire the knowledge where such ignorance might lead to, might appreciate these words:   
"Cruelty might come in many forms - ignorance might be one of them."    
Those who might then seek such knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not be able to speak of one's religion, without quoting one's scripture, one might not be able to understand one's religion."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:  
"The truth of the story might be in the details."   
Those who might try to excuse such false details as unimportant, might appreciate these words:  
"Whoever might be careless with the truth in small matters might not be able to be trusted with important matters."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be, through these words:   
"Accuracy of signal and free flow of information might define sanity in one's epistemology."    
Those who seek to understand why such accuracy might be important, might appreciate these words:   
"Accuracy might mean something to one. It might be vital to one's sense of values. One might have learned not to trust people who might be inaccurate. Every aviator might know that if mechanics might be inaccurate, aircraft might crash. If pilots might be inaccurate, they might get lost - sometimes even killed. In one's profession life itself might depend on accuracy."   
Those who might then seek to understand such a detail, might appreciate these words:   
"Some philosophies might be questions that might never be answered, some religions might be answers that might never be questioned."   
Those who might think they might have such answer, which might never be questioned, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not know. One might only be able to guess."   
The first author might seek to express appreciation for all the effort to prevent this document from becoming such a religion. Those who might seek to make such an effort, might appreciate these words:   
"One might accept without questioning that this world might be real and important and worthwhile. This might be faith. Philosophy might be the ongoing questioning of this faith."   
Those who might seek to question such faith, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might not be the absence of doubt. It might be belief without proof, not without question."   
Those who might seek such faith, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith might mean trying something, giving it a chance to prove itself."   
Those who might seek to prove such faith, might appreciate these words:   
"No amount of experimentation might ever prove one right; a single experiment might prove one wrong."   
Those who might seek to know, what one might seek to to prove wrong, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to eliminate the impossible, and what ever might remain, however improbable, might have to be the truth."   
Those who might seek to know, what might remain, might appreciate these words:   
"Science might be to study the world as it might be, engineering might be to create the world that might never have been."
Those who might seek to know, what world to create, might appreciate these words:   
"One might wish for world peace, but world peace might never be achieved unless one might first establish peace within one's own mind."   
Those who might then seek to establish such peace within one's own mind, might appreciate these words:  
"Nothing might be at last sacred but the integrity of one's own mind."  
Those who might seek such sacrecy, might appreciate these words:   
"For some religion, what might be sacred, might be true. For some philosophy, what might be true, might be sacred."   
Those who might seek such truth, might appreciate these words:   
"One might perhaps never know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions might be the way to tell if one might be getting closer."   
Those who might seek to make such correct predictions, might appreciate these words:   
"It might never be possible to predict a physical occurence with unlimited precision."
Those who might seek to understand one reason why that might be, might appreciate the idea to research about irrational numbers, such as pi. Those who might refuse to understand, might appreciate these words:   
"Enlightenment might be one's emergence from one's self-incurred immaturity."   
Those who might seek such emergence fron one's self-incurred immaturity, might appreciate these words:   
"Maturity might be having the courage to use one's own intelligence."   
Those who might seek to understand such intelligence, might appreciate these words:   
"Intelligence might be the ability to adapt to change."   
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why one might seek to adapt to change, might appreciate these words:   
"Change might be the only constant."   
Those who might be confronted with such a change, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might no longer be able to change a situation – one might be challenged to change oneself."   
Those who might be challanged to change oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Only those who might keep changing might remain loyal to oneself."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Only fools might refuse to change their minds."   
Those who might be tempted to refuse to change their minds, might appreciate these words:   
"True ignorance might not be the absence of knowledge, but it might be the refusal to acquire it."   
Those who might seek to aquire such knowledge, might appreciate the following words:   
"Transcendence might mean going beyond duality. Attachment might mean remaining within duality."   
Those who might seek such transcendence, might appreciate these words:   
"Only in love might unity and duality not be in conflict."   
Those who might be in such a conflict, might appreciate these words:   
"To define might be to limit."   
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why one might need such limitation, might appreciate these words:   
"Nothing might be more paralyzing than the idea of limitless possibilities."
Those who might then seek to escape such paralyis of limitless possibilities, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might consist of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture might be the frame."   
Those who might then realize such limiation of oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One's life might be limited, but knowledge might be limitless. To drive the limited in pursuit of the limitless might be fatal; and to presume that one might really know might be fatal indeed."   
Those who might still seek to pursuit such limitless knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be the most powerful force in the world, transcending all limits and boundaries."   
Those who might seek such love, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to never let the limitations or insecurities of others limit what might be possible for one."
One might understand one reason, why that might be necessary through these words:   
"One might seek to never let others define who one might be because most might be still trying to figure out who they might be."
Those who still trying to figure out who they might be, might appreciate the following definition of love:   
"Love might be the wish to give, not to receive, something."   
Those who might not know what to give, might appreciate these words:   
"The most desired gift of love might not be diamonds or chocolate. It might be focused attention."   
Those who might seek to implement such focused attention, might appreciate the following idea:   
"The first duty of love might be to listen."   
Those who might struggle to fulfill such duty, might appreciate these words:
"Reminder: Romance might die when duty might become the focus in one's relationship."
Those who might seek such romance, might appreciate the following concept of love, which might be able to be described as stages:   
1. Admiration (Unrequited love)   
One might understand one reason, why one might feel such admiration through these words:   
"It might be the rooted instinct in one to admire what might be better and more beautiful than themselves."   
Those who might struggle feeling such admiration, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to transform jealousy to admiration, and what one might admire might become part of one's life."    
Those who might seek a way to such transform, might appreciate the following realization:    
"The very essence of romance might be uncertainty."     
Those who struggle with such uncertainty, might appreciate these words:   
"If uncertainty might be unacceptable to one, it might turns into fear. If it might be perfectly acceptable, it might turn into increased aliveness, alertness, and creativity."   
Those who might then seek certainty, might appreciate these words:    
"To be uncertain might to be uncomfortable, but to be certain might to be ridiculous."   
[todo add explaination]
Those who might then seek to accept such uncertainty, might appreciate these words:   
"The quality of wit might inspire more admiration than confidence."     
2. Mutual attraction (It might not only be limited to Eros, described later on, but also other qualties such as their intellect, humor, etc.) Those who seek such mutual attraction, might appreciate the following warning:   
"It might be impossible to love someone one might not respect, but there might be able to be mutual attraction without mutual respect."   
3. Commitment (label of exclusive relationship, marriage, having or raising children)   
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why such a commitment might be integral, might appreciate these words:    
"Commitment might be what might transform a promise into reality."    
4. Compatibility (The unnegotiable things which might not be a burden to each other.)   
Those who might seek such compatibility, might appreciate these words:    
"Compatibility might not determine the fate of a marriage, how one might deal with the incompatibilities, might do."    
Those who might seek to deal with such incompatibilities, might appreciate these words:   
"It might not be a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that might make unhappy marriages."
One might then realize that there might other concepts of love, such as following:     
The following three might be well known distictions of love:   
1. Eros = Romantic love   
2. Philia = Friendly love   
3. Agape = Unconditional love   
But there might also be lesser known forms of love:   
4. Philautia = Self love   
5. Xenia =  Love in hospitality   
6. Storge = Familial love   
Those might feel overwhelmed by all the different concepts of love, might appreciate these words:   
"Simplicity might be the ultimate sophistication."   
Those who might seek such simplicity, might appreciate these words:    
"The highest form of love might be consideration."   
Those who might seek to understand such consideration, might appreciate these words:   
"Generosity might not only be about money. There might be more than one currency. One might seek to let one's generosity be pervasive in life."   
Those who might wonder what currency to give, might appreciate these words:   
"Attention might be the most important currency that anyone might be able to give one. It might be worth more than money, possession, or things."   
Those who seek to understand one reason, why one's attention might have such worth, might appreciate these words:
"Simply paying attention might allow one to build an emotional connection."   
Those who might seek to build such emotional connection, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not pay appropriate attention to what might have one's attention, it might take more of one's attention than it might deserve."   
Those who might not be aware what might their attention, might appreciate these words:   
"The love and attention one might always have thought one might have wanted from someone else might be the love and attention one might first need to give to oneself."    
Those who might feel a sensation of abundance after one has focused on oneself might appreciate these words:   
"Self-actualization might not be able to be attained, if it might be made an end in itself, but only as a side effect of self-transcendence."   
Those who might seek to transcend oneself might appreciate the following realization:    
"Those who might seek attention, might need all the help they might be able to get."   
Those who might seek such help, might appreciate the following summery of a concept referred as "Zen" which might refer to a concept known as the "four elements of true love":
1. "Metta": Loving kindness, with which one might seek to discover the need of others, to which one might refer as "understanding".   
2. "Karuna": Compassionate love, with which one might seek to try help relieving the suffering of others.  
3. "Mudita": Joyful love, with which one might seek to enjoy together, which might be the effort to offer joy in times of need.   
Those who seek to understand such joyful love, might appreciate these words:    
"One might admire others for being wise, but one might like them best when they might be foolish."    
4. "Upeksha": Non discriminatory love, which might be inclusive and calm love.   
After one might have gained the ability to recognize such elements of "true" love, one might appreciate the warning:   
"Love might be giving someone the power to completely destroy one, and hoping that they might not."   
Those who might have recognized such destructive tendencies within oneself, might appreciate these words:
"One might never stop loving someone. One might just learn to live without them."    
Those who might have to live without those one might love, might appreciate these words:   
"The most painful state of being might remembering the future, particularly the one, one might never have."   
Those who might seek to understand, why such state might be painful, might appreciate these words:   
"Unexpressed emotions might never die. They might be buried alive and might come forth later in uglier ways."   
Those who might struggle with such unexpressed emotion, might appreciate these words:   
"In every moment one might have the choice to be a victim or a creator."   
Those who might be tempted to be such a victim, might appreciate these words:   
"Without effort, one's talent might be nothing more than unmet potential. Without effort, one's skill might be nothing more than what one might have done but might have not."
Those who might seek to meet their potential, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more truly artistic than to love."   
Those who might seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be to console those who might be broken by life."   
Those who might seek to know, what in life might break one, might appreciate these words:   
"Truth without love might be brutality, and love without truth might be hypocrisy."   
Those who might then be tempted by such hypocricy, might appreciate these words:   
"A strong relationship might require choosing to love each other even in those moments when one might struggle to like each other."
Those who might struggle to like each other, might appreciate the following concept of principles of love:   
"Infantile love might follow the principle: 'One might love because one might be loved.'    
Mature love might follow the principe 'One might be loved because one might love'   
Immature love might say: 'One love another because one might need another.'    
Mature love might say: One might need another because one might love another."    
Those who might love another, might appreciate the following categorization into four types of attachment styles observed in infants. There might be more fine grained distinction, but one might appreciate the following simplified version:
1. Secure attachment: Might stay stable even during tough times.
2. Anxious attachment: Might seek more validation during tough times.
3. Avoidant attachment: Might seek more alone time during tough times.
4. Anxious and avoidant attachment: Might behave avoidant, but might be internally seeking for connection.
Those who might secretly seek for connection and might be in need for clarity regarding whether someone might love one, but might be indecisive whether the other might be ready for such a confrontation, might appreciate the following concept of a loving relationship:   
1. Passion   
One might appreciate the following warning regarding passion:   
"Passion might make idiots of the cleverest one, and might make the biggest idiot clever."   
2. Intimacy   
Those who might seek such intimacy, might appreciate these words:   
"Intimacy might be being seen and known as one might truely be."    
Those who might struggle to create such intimacy, might appreciate these words:    
"Distance might not be the amount of miles between one and another, it might be the amount of things one might not say to each other."    
Those who might seek to reduce such distance, might appreciate the idea to prepare two dairies which might have one page for each day of the year. And then write daily what one might have sought to tell another but might not seek to disturb them. And when one might see each other, to exchange the diaries and keep writing daily in the diary of another. Those who might struggle to keep up with a daily diary entry, might appreciate the idea to address the diary entry to another who one might love, telling them what one might be grateful for, to which one might refer to as "gratitude journal".
3. Commitment   
Those who might seek to understand such commitment, might appreciate the chapter on "integrity", "courage" and these words:   
"When one might make a commitment, one might create hope. When one might keep a commitment one might create trust."    
Those who might seek to create such trust, might appreciate idea to ask the following question:   
"How might all of us be on the way to Pro?"