One might find oneself confronted with such a challenge as in:   
"Every child might be an artist. The challenge might be how to remain an artist once one might have grown up."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to remain such an artist through these words:   
"The dignity of the artists might be in their duty of keeping awake the sense of wonder in the world. In this long vigil they might often have to vary their methods of stimulation; but in this long vigil they might also be themselves striving against a continual tendency to sleep."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to strive against such continual tendency to sleep through these words:   
"The awakening of consciousness might be the next evolutionary step for one's own kind."  
One might understand one reason, why such a evolutionary step might be necessary through these words:   
"Extinction might be the rule. Survival might be the exception."   
Those who might seek to be such an exception, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone might think they might be the exception to the rule, and that might be exactly where the trouble might start. One might be able to do a lot of damage."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be able to do a lot of damage through these words:   
"The world might not only be destroyed by those who might be violent, but by those who might watch them without doing anything."   
Those who might be tempted to watch the world being destoryed without doing anything, might appreciate these words:
"Those who might lack the courage might always find a philosophy to justify it."   
Those who might then seek such courage, might then appreciate these words:   
"It might take courage to live through suffering; and it might take honesty to observe it."   
Those who might be living through such suffering, might appreciate these words:   
"Suffering might cease to be suffering at the moment it might find a meaning."   
Those who might seek to find such meaning, might appreciate these words:  
"The literal meaning of life might be whatever one might be doing that might prevent one from unaliving oneself."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The absurd might depend as much on one as on the world. For the moment, it might be all that might link them together."   
Those who might then seek to understand such absurd, might appreciate these words:   
"The absurd might be born of this confrontation between one's need and the unreasonable silence of the world."    
Those who might seek to confront such unreasonable silence of the world, might appreciate these words:   
"The misery and greatness of this world might be: it might offer no truths, but only objects for love. Absurdity might prevail, but love might save one from it."   
Those who might seek to understand such love, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be no such thing as love; only proof of love."   
Those who might then seek to know how to prove such love, might appreciate these words:   
"The best proof of love might be trust."   
Those who might seek such trust, might appreciate these words:   
"Building trust might be a process. Trust might result from consistent and predictable interaction over time."    
Those who might seek to start such a process of building trust, might appreciate these words:
"Quickest way to build trust might be to keep promises one might make, and not to over-promise. One might seek to over-deliver, one might not seek to under-deliver. If one might say one might do something, one might seek to make sure one might do it, but if things then might run late or go wrong, one might seek to tell another at the earliest opportunity."   
Those who might be tempted to claim an action as a proof for trust without such a promise prior to that action, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be possible to interpret without observing, but not to observe without interpreting."   
Those who might be tempted to interpret without observing, might appreciate these words:   
"All things might be subject to interpretation. Whichever interpretation might prevail at a given time might be a function of power and not truth."
Those who might seek to understand such power, might appreciate these words:     
"The very definition of tyranny might be when all power might be gathered under one place."  
Those who might seek to recognize such tyranny, might appreciate these words:  
"Truth might be the first casualty of tyranny."   
One might understand one way, how such truth might become such a casualty through these words:   
"The best way to hide the truth might be to shroud it in myth."   
One might understand one way, how such truth might be shrouded in myth through these words:   
"Myth becomes myth not in the living but in the retelling."   
Those who might seek to prevent truth to become such myth, might appreciate these words:   
"Science might have to begin with myths, and with the criticism of myths."   
Those who might seek to criticize such myths, might appreciate these words:   
"Myth might be what one might call religion of others."   
Those who might seek to understand such religion, might appreciate these words:    
"Some philosophies might be questions that might never be answered, some religions might be answers that might never be questioned."   
Those who might might be confronted with those whose answers might never be questioned, might appreciate these words:   
"Nobody might have all the answers, because all the best answers might generate more questions."   
Those who might then seek to understand which question one might be able to be generated from such an answer which might never be questioned, might appreciate these words:   
"Might that be art or might it be able to be thrown away?"   
Those who might be tempted to throw away such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Denigrating art one might not understand might not hurt the art - it might reveal something about one's willingness to learn."   
Those who might not have such willingness to learn, might appreciate these words:   
"Regret might be a tough but fair teacher. To live without regret might be to believe one might have nothing to learn, no amends to make, and no opportunity to be braver with one's life."   
Those who might then seek to know, what opportunity one might regret to be braver, might appreciate these words:  
"Art might be a individual act of courage."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Courage might be the commitment to begin without any guarantee of success."   
Those who might struggle with such courage, might appreciate these words:   
"The best way to predict the future might be to create it."    
Those who might seek to create such future with another, might appreciate these words:   
"It might take a moment to tell someone one might love them, but it might take a lifetime to prove it."   
Those who might then seek to prove such love, might appreciate these words:   
"A willingness to be inconvenienced might be the ultimate proof of love."   
Those who might seek to understand such willingness to be inconvenienced, might appreciate these words:   
"Perfection might not be attainable, but if one might chase perfection, one might be able to catch excellence." 
Those who might seek such excellence, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might find it's own perfection within, and not outside of, itself. Art might be not to be judged by any external standard of resemblance."   
Those who might seek then seek to find such perfection within, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be perfect in one's imperfection."   
Those who might seek to be perfect in one's imperfection, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might have no end but its own perfection."    
Those who might seek to understand such end, might appreciate the following words:    
"The end of art might be peace."   
Those who might seek to understand such peace, might appreciate these words:   
"The day the power of love might overcome the love of power, the world might know peace."   
Those who might seek to understand such power of love, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might have the power to change everything."   
One might hesitate to change as in:   
"Change might not necessarily assure progress, but progress might implacably require change."   
Those who might still hesitate to change, might appreciate these words:   
"Change might be the only constant in life. One's ability to adapt to those changes might determine one's success in life."   
Those who might seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"There might be nothing more truly artistic than to love."    
Those who might seek to love to know peace, might appreciate these words:   
"The art of peace might begin with those, who might be reading this sentence."
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Peace might be a gift to each other."
One might understand why such gift might be love, through these words:   
"Love might be the wish to give, not to receive, something."   
Those who might seek to give such love, might appreciate these words:    
"Love might be a connection that might be cultivated between one and another when it might exist within each one of them - one might only be able to love others as much as one might love oneself."   
Those who might seek to cultivate such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be the greatest connection to one's own kind when everything else might be falling apart."   
Those who might seek to know, how everything else might be falling apart, might appreciate these words:    
"Weltschmerz, basically, might be the depression one might feel when bamboozlers, fanatics, manipulators, trolls, bigots, demagogues, fear-mongers, liars and prigs might threaten to take over the world, and there might be nothing, one might think, one might be able to do about it."  
One might then be tempted to give up as in: 
"One might not be able to be deeply responsive to the world without being saddened very often."   
Those who might be struggling with such sadness, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might no longer be able to change a situation – one might be challenged to change oneself."  
Those who might seek to change oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Everything might be taken from one but one thing: the last of one's freedoms –  to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way."  
Those who might then seek to choose one's own way might appreciate these words:   
"But the simple fact of bearing a responsibility might be able to be something that might give meaning to one's life."    
Those who might then seek to bear such responsibility, might appreicate these words:   
"Responsibility might be the ability to respond."   
Those who might seek a way to respond, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have the responsibility not to allow the voice of humanity within one to be silenced."   
Those who might seek to understand such "voice of humanity", might appreciate the chapter on "humanity" and these words: 
"One might see humans but no humanity."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:    
"'Humanity' might be nothing to be seen, but something to be heard. Humanity might be to listen carefully for the call for help, and then to replying with help. The 'Voice of Humanity' might consist of three messages: First - the call for help, second - listening and replying with help and third - the expression of gratitude after such help."   
Those who might seek to help, might appreciate these words:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"When one might be defeated, it might often be due to the incompetence of one's allies rather than the genius of one's opponent."   
One might understand one reason, why such incompetence of one's allies might defeat one through these words:   
"One might not be able to live by incompetence alone."    
One might understand one reason, why such incompentence might not be able to live by incompetence alone through these words:   
"Work might be accomplished by those who might have not yet reached their level of incompetence."   
Those who might seek to know, whether one might have reached one's level of incompetence, might appreciate these words:    
"The challenge with incompetence might be its inability to recognize itself."    
Those who might seek to recognize such incompetence, might appreciate these words:   
"Violence might be the last refuge of the incompetent."  
Those who might then seek such competence, might appreciate these words:   
"Perception of competence at an activity might depend [on]...whether one might have to succeed by one's own standards or by someone else's."    
Those who might seek to understand such standards by someone else, might appreciate these words:   
"Tradition might be nothing but ancestral peer pressure."   
Those who might have had to succeed by such traditions, might appreciate these words:   
"The pretence of adequacy might lead to incompetency."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such to make such pretence of adequacy through these words:   
"One might seek to learn to love oneself first, instead of loving the idea of being loved by someone else."  
Those who might seek to love oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"To love someone might be to see a miracle which might be invisible to others."   
Those who might seek to understand such miracle, might appreciate these words:   
"The presence of passion within one might be the greatest gift one might be able to receive. One might seek to treat it as a miracle."
Those who might hesitate to treat such passion within one to treat as an miracle, might appreciate these words:   
"Miracles might not be contrary to nature, but only contrary to what one might know about nature."  
Those who might then seek to understand such nature, might appreciate these words:    
"A miracle might often be the willingness to see the common in an uncommon way."   
Those who might struggle to see such common in such an uncommon way, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be to console those who might have been broken by life."   
One might understand one reason, why consoling might be art through these words:   
"In order to console one in one's sufferings, one might seek to point out all the good one might still be able to do."   
Those who might not know, one might still be able to do, might appreciate these words:   
"The meaning of one's life might be to help others find meaning in theirs."   
Those who might then seek to help others find meaning in theirs, might appreciate these words:   
"Good tests might disprove flawed theories; one might remain alive to guess again."    
Those who might struggle to remain alive, might appreciate these words:   
"Love might be the ultimate expression of the will to live."   
Those who might struggle to love, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might be a lover, one might have to be a fighter, because if one might not fight for one's love, what kind of love might one have?"
Those who might struggle to find strength to fight for such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Everything might be taken from one but one thing: the last of one's freedoms –  to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way."   
Those might not know, what way to choose, might appreciate these words:    
"True artist might not be one who might be inspired, but one who might inspire others."   
Those who might seek to inspire others, might appreciate these words:   
"Children might learn more from what one might be than what one might teach them."   
Those who might seek know, what one might be, might appreciate these owrds:   
"One might not be what might have happened to one. One might be what one might have chosen to become."   
Those who might seek to know, what choice one might seek to make, might appreciate these words:   
"Freedom might be will-power to define one's own path."   
Those who might seek to define one's own path, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to define any act of helping someone as the 'ultimate' art, unless it might imply unconsented violence to another."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author that the word "ultimate" in "ultimate" art, might be an artistic choice of word for the current working hypothesis that such art might be "ultimate", not that it might actually be "ultimate. Those who might then seek to understand such consent, might appreciate these words:   
"Silence might not mean consent, so one might seek to start practicing the art of communication."   
Those who might struggle to find someone to practice such art of communication, might appreciate the occasion to gather and admire the "ultimate" art of others as at least an annual offline event.   
The event "The 'Ultimate' Art" might display a video collage of the "ultimate" art of artists, who might have voluntarily submitted a minimal report of the progress on their art, they might have made since the last event. Those who might struggle to find such art one might worthy of submission, might appreciate the idea to be mindful in one's every day life, during which one might find oneself in a state called "flow" as in:
"Flow might be a state of being when one might be completely focused, and fully immersed in what one might be doing. In flow one's work might seem effortless, creativity might go into overdrive, one might feel inspired, and motivation might spring forth from within."   
The video might either need to contain the final few moments of completing the current iteration of one's artwork and the following joyful smug of archievement, the skill one might worked on to improve or any avaiable documentation of the artwork. Those who might struggle to find the courage to submit their art, might appreciate the chapter on courage and these words:   
"Risk might be what might separate the artist from the artisan."    
Those who seek to understand such artisan, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have been an artisan. One might have only become an artist when others were watching what one was doing. That might be the moment when what one might have been doing might have become art."
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Art might not be what one might see, but what one might make others see."   
One might appreciate the notion of the first author that the word "see" might imply not only vision but senses which one might be able to perceive. It might not be a essencial requirement, but the effort to ask the following question at the begining might be be appreciated: "How might we be all on the way to Pro?"   
One might appreciate the clarification, that asking such question at the begging, might imply that the display one's art might be one's approach on how to be on one's way to Pro. If the total amount of runtime of valid submissions might exceed the duration of the event, submissions might be selected randomly using a true entropy random number generator to minimize bias in the selection process. To ensure equality of chance to be seen, the order in which the submissions might be displayed, might use the same true entropy random number generator. The author of this document might seek to express appreciation in advance for the understanding of the collaborators hat those submissions might have been selected after the true entropy random generator, might be rejected if they might be categorized as lacking consideration by a SOTA AI model with this document as the context as in:    
"The highest form of love might be consideration."   
This might be in order to protect those members of community who might be defined as "vulnable" according to this document as well as possible. Such rejection of submission might have to clarify the reason, which might be either through the random number generator or the specific reason by the SOTA AI model. Those whose submission might have been rejected by such a SOTA AI model, might then be able to request review by other volunteers of such a community to minimize the possibility of a technical flaw.
Those who might  then seek such form of love, might appreciate the idea refer to the chapter onm "guideline". Those who might disagree with such a guideline, might appreciate the idea to propose a improvement of such guideline. After the first display the following timestamp might be upated: [1725559200]   
Those who might seek to participate in such an event, might appreciate the following information on the following address:   
[Todo: Add link]    
Those who might not be able to participate, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"   