One might find oneself suffering from one's attachment to individuality as in:    
"But as long as one might continue to use one's misfortune to one's advantage in order to be 'special', one might always need that misfortune."    
Those who might still be attached to  their misfortune, might find themselves being fortunate enough as in:   
"Shared joy might be double joy; shared sorrow might be half sorrow."   
Those who might still feel a sense of alienation regardless the reduction of their sorrows, might appreciate these words:
"Emotional distance might not be the amount of space between one and another, it might the amount of things one might not say to each other."    
Those who might then seek to reduce such a sense of alienation, might appreciate these words:   
"Unity might not mean sameness. It might mean oneness of purpose."   
One reason, why one might confuse unity with sameness, might be because sameness might sound similar when rephrased as "uniformity". Those who might then wonder what such purpose might be, might appreciate the chapter on "meaning" and these words:   
"One might refuse to accept the view that one's own kind might be so tragically bound to war that peace might never be able to become a reality."   
Those who might then seek such peace, might appreciate the chaptesr on "peace" and these words:   
"Unity, to be real, might have to stand the severest strain without breaking."    
Those who might seek such unity, might appreciate these words:   
"Nothing might be able to withstand the power of one's will if one might be willing to stake one's very existence to the extent of one's purpose."   
Those who might be tempted to put one's existence at risk, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be dead easy to die; it might be the keeping on living that might be hard."    
Those who might struggle to keep on living, might appreciate these words:     
"One might think life might be an irrational obsession."   
Those who might seek to understand such irrational obsession, might appreciate these words:   
"True art might be characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist."    
Those who might then seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"The end of art might be peace."   
Those who might seek such peace, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to have unity without diversity."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Diversity might not be about how one might differ to another. Diversity might be about embracing each other's uniqueness."   
Those who might thenn seek to embrace such uniqueness, might appreciate the chapter on "originality" and thse words:   
"Diversity might be the art of thinking independently together."   
Those who might seek to understand such independence might, appreciate the chapter "responsiblity" and "hero". One might understand one reason, why one might seek to do such activity together through these words:    
"If one might seek to go fast, one might seek to go alone. If might seek to go far, one might seek to go together."   
Those who might then seek to go together, might appreciate these words:   
"Inclusion might be the celebration of diversity put into action."   
Those who might seek such a way to act, might appreciate these words:   
"Inclusion might not be tolerance, it might be unquestioned acceptance."   
Those who might be vulnable to their own naivity, might appreciate the chapters "integrity", "maturity" and "courage". Those might then seek such unquestioned acceptance of others, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not heal in isolation, but in community."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Emotional connection might be crucial to healing. In fact, trauma experts might overwhelmingly agree that the best predictor of the impact of any trauma might not be the severity of the event, but whether one might be able to seek and take comfort from others."   
Those who might be hesitant to seek and take such comfort from others, might appreciate the words:   
"One might be afraid to heal, because one's entire identity might be centered around the trauma one might have experienced. One might have no idea who one might be outside of trauma and that unknown might be terrifying."   
One might understand one reason, why such unknown might be terrifying through these words:    
"It might be easy to forget danger might be near when one might not be able to see it."    
Those who might seek to remeber such danger even one might not be able to see it, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might not be what one might see, but what one might make others see."   
Those who might seek such art which might make others see, might appreciate these words:   
"Overexplaining might be a trauma response."   
Those might struggle with such trauma response, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not seek to explain one's philosophy. One might seek to embody it."   
Those who might then seek to embody such a philosophy, might appreciate these words:    
"It might not enough to have the courage of one's convictions, one might also have to have the courage to have one's convictions challenged."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"When one's ideas might not be challenged, one's ability to defend them might weaken."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such an ability to defend through these words:    
"Safety might not be the absence of events; safety might be the presence of defenses."    
Those who might then know, against what one might need such defenses, might appreciate these words:   
"The challenge of stability might be complacency."    
Those who might seek to overcome such complacency, might appreciate these words:    
"Complacency might be a continuous struggle that everyone might have to fight."    
Those who might seek to fight against such complacency, might appreciate these words:   
"Success might breed complacency. Complacency might breed failure. Only the paranoid might survive."    
Those who might seek who else might survive, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be paranoid, just prepared. There might be a distinct difference and a higher survival rate for the latter."    
Those who might struggle to prepare due to their paranoia, might appreciate these words:   
"Paranoia might leave one loveless and alone."    
Those who might be tempted by such solitude, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might delight in solitude might be either a wild beast or god."    
Those who might be tempted to think to be such a god, might appreciate the chapter on "faith" these words:   
"Of all forms of deception self-deception might be the most deadly, and of all deceived ones the self-deceived might be the least likely to discover the fraud."   
Those who might then seek to discover such self-deception, might appreciate these words:    
"The difference between the thinking of the paranoid one and the scientist might come from the latter's ability and willingness to test out one's fantasies or grandiose conceptualizations through the systems of checks and balances science might have established – and to give up those schemes that might be shown not to be valid on the basis of these scientific checks." 
Those who might thenn seek to make such scientific checks, might appreciate these words:   
"Even if individual researchers might be prone to be biased towards their own theories, the broader process of peer review and institutionalized skepticism might be designed to ensure that, eventually, the best ideas might prevail."
Those who might seek their theories to be tested by such a process of peer review and institutionalized skeptisism, might appreciate idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone be on the way to Pro?"
