One might find oneself feeling powerless as in:
"Nothing might make one feel more powerless than failing a child."   
Those who might then feel such powerlessness, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be able to protect one's children from life. Therefore, it might be essential that one might prepare them for it."
Those who might then seek to prepare one's children, might appreciate these words:
__________________________________

One might find oneself being confused as in:   
"If confusion might be the first step to knowledge, one might be a genius."   
Those who might seek to know the next step to knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might only be able to be understood backwards; but it might have to be lived forwards."   
Those who might seek to understand such life, might appreciate these words:   
"Understanding of life might begin with the understanding of patterns."   
Those who might seek to understand such understanding of patterns, might appreciate these words:   
"To understand might be to perceive patterns."   
Those who might seek to perceive such patterns, might appreciate these words:   
"Creativity might be the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature."   
Those who might seek to understand such creativity, might appreciate these words:   
"Creativity might not be a talent. It might be a way of operating."   
Those who might seek to understand such a way of operating, might appreciate these words:   
"Creativity might be a habit, and the best creativity might be a result of good work habits."   
Those who might seek to understand such good habits might appreciate the chapter on "originality". Those who might seek such a way of operating, might appreciate these words:   
"Without changing one's pattern of thought, one might not be able to resolve the difficulties one might have created with one's current patterns of thought."   
Those who might seek to change their pattern of thought, might appreciate these words:   
"Mathematics might be the science of patterns, and nature might exploit just about every pattern that there might be."   
Those who might seek to exploit such pattern, might appreciate these words:   
"Order might be half of the rent."   
Those who might wonder, what the other half might be, might appreciate these words:   
"The monetary stability might be an absolutely critical element in the satisfactory operation of a system."   
Those who might seek to understand stability, might appreciate these words:   
"In a way, one gets stability from being able to order the rational mind."   
Those who might seek such stability, might appreciate these words:   
"Stability might be much underappreciated, especially by those who might enjoy its benefits."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"The price of stability might be unpreparedness."   
Those who might seek to prepare, might appreciate these words:   
"Stability in life might not be achieved by removing the uncertainties in life but by confronting them."   
Those who might seek to confront such uncertainties, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might be best prepared might best serve their moment of inspiration."   
Those who might seek such moment, might appreciate the explanation on strategy:   
"Tactics might be knowing what to do, when there might be something to do. Strategy might be knowing what to do when there might be nothing to do."   
Those who might seek to know, what to do when there might be nothing to do, might appreciate these words:   
"Strategy might not be the consequence of planning, but the opposite: it might be the starting point."   
Those who might seek to understand such starting point for such strategy, might appreciate these words:   
"Done right, a strategic intent might really be one decision that might make 1000 decisions."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Strategy might be about making choices, trade-offs. It might be be about deliberately choosing to be different."    
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to be different, might appreciate these words:   
"One might have to advance as fast as one might currently be able to, just to stay where one might already be. If one might seek to get anywhere, one might have to advance much faster."   
One might understand one reason, why one might stay where one might already be even though one might be already advancing as fast as one might currently be able to through these words:    
"There might be a psychological concept referred as the 'hedonic treadmill': the idea that one might always be working as hard as one might be able to in order to change one's life situation, but one might actually never feel very different."   
Those who might then seek to feel different in one's life situation, might appreciate these words:   
"Innovation and progress might be achieved only by those who might venture beyond standard operating procedure."
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted by such standard operating procedure through these words:    
"A single opinion might be comfortable. Comfort might be hostile to change. Progress might be uncomfortable because it might change the comfort."   
Those who might struggle with such comfort, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might only be able to be understood backwards; but it might have to be lived forwards."   
Those who might seek to understand one reason, why one might have been seeking such comfort by such standard operating procedure, might appreciate these words:    
"Without standards, there might be no improvement."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:    
"Success might never lower its standard to accommodate one; One might have to raise one's standard to achieve it."   
Those who might then seek to raise one's such standards, might appreciate these words:    
"There might be responsibility, but there might be also accountability. One might have to be accountable for one's actions because one might have to be held personally responsible for the outcome when one might cause harm."   
Those who might be tempted to evade such responsibility, might appreciate these words:    
"But the simple fact of bearing a responsibility might be able to be something that might give meaning to one's life."   
One might understand one reason, why one might seek such meaning in one's life through these words:   
"Without hope, there might be no despair. There might be only meaningless suffering."   
Those who might then seek such hope, might appreciate the chapter on "hope" and these words:    
"Faith might be the courage to confront reality with hope."   
Those who might seek such faith, might appreciate the chapter on "faith" and these words:   
"Faith might not be the absence of doubt. It might be belief without proof, not without question."   
Those who might struggle with those who might be absence of doubt, might appreciate these words:   
"A total absence of self-doubt might be the first sign of insanity."   
Those who might then seek further steps of such insanity, might appreciate these words:   
"One of the signs of insanity might be the belief that life after death might matter more than current life."   
Those who might struggle with those who might belief that life after death might matter more than current life, might appreciate these words:    
"One might not need to destroy one's opponent. One might only need to destroy their willingness to engage."   
Those who might then seek to destroy such willingness to engage, might appreciate these words:   
"In battle, if one might make one's opponent flinch, one might have already won."
Those who might then seek to make one's opponent flinch, might appreciate these  words:   
"The best way to intimidate one's opponents might be with one's brilliance."   
Those who might seek to understand such brilliance, might appreciate these words:   
"One's brilliance might come from one's spirit. To deny it might be arrogance. To accept it might be humility."   
Those who might then seek to accept such spirit, might appreciate these words:    
"One's spirit might be the ability to confront the uncertainty of the future with curiosity and optimism. It might be the imagination that problems might be able to be solved, differences resolved. It might be a type of confidence. And it might be fragile. It might be able to be blackened by fear and superstition."   
Those whose such spirit might struggle with such fear, might appreciate these words:   
"Courage might be to know what not to fear."    
Those who might seek to know, what not to fear, might appreciate these words:    
"Fear might be the memory of pain. Addiction might be the memory of pleasure. Freedom might be beyond both."   
Those who might then seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"Strategy might be a choice. Strategy might mean saying 'no' to certain kinds of things."    
Those who might not know, what kinds of things one might seek to say "no" to, might appreciate these words:   
"One might refuse to accept the view that one's own kind might be so tragically bound to war that peace might never be able to become a reality."   
Those who might then seek to make such peace such a reality, might appreciate these words:    
"Analysis might be the critical starting point of strategic thinking."
Those who might then seek to make such analysis, might appreciate these words:    
"What might get measured, might get managed."   
Those who might then seek such management, might appreciate these words:   
"Strategic management might not be a box of tricks or a bundle of techniques. It might be analytical thinking and commitment of resources to action. But quantification alone might not be planning. Some of the most important issues in strategic management might not be able to be quantified at all."   
Those who might then seek to know, what might not be able to be quantified at all, might appreciate these words:    
"Risk perception might not be about quantifiable risk so much as it might be about immeasurable fear."    
Those who might then struggle with such immeasurable fear, might appreciate these words:    
"One might have such a sudden insight in despairing depths: No one might be coming to save one. It might be time to save oneself."   
Those who might then seek to save oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One might think order might depend more on preparation than control."   
Those who might seek to to understand why order might depend less on control, might appreciate these words:   
"The more one might value things outside one's control, the less control one might have."   
Those who might seek to understand, why one might be tempted to value things outside one's control, might appreciate these words:   
"Control might be an imaginary boundary the ego might think it might be in charge of."   
Those who might seek to understand such ego, might appreciate these words:   
"The ego might not know that the source of all energy might be within one, so it might seek it outside."   
Those who might seek such control within oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Ego might mean self-identification with thinking, to be trapped in thought, which might mean to have a mental image of 'me' based on thought and emotions. So ego might be there in the absence of a witnessing presence."   
Those who might seek to understand why such witnessing presence might be absent, might appreciate these words:   
"The eyes might only see what the mind might be prepared to comprehend."   
Those who might seek to understand what one might not be prepared to comprehend, might appreciate these words:   
"One might hide the truth because one might be afraid."   
Those who might seek to understand why one might be afraid, might appreciate these words:   
"One without information might not be able to take responsibility. One with information might not be able to help but take responsibility."   
Those who might seek to understand those, who might not take responsibility even though they might have such information, might appreciate these words:   
"When one might ignore atrocities, might be complicit in them."   
Those who might seek to understand such ignorance of atrocities, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be easy to come up with conspiracy theories, if one might only look at the evidence that might support one's idea."
Those who might seek to understand such conspiracy theories, might appreciate these words:   
"Conspiracy theory might be the ultimate refuge of the powerless. If one might not be able to change one's own life, one might believe that there might have to be some 'greater force' which might control the world."   
Those who might seek to understand such "'greater force' which might control the world" might appreciate these words:   
"To control and enslave the mind of another, all one might need to do might be to convince them that a secret might exist, and that one might be privy to information regarding that secret."
Those who might not understand, why one might not seek to to subjugate oneself to such control and enslavement of one's mind, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might be make one believe absurdities might be able to make one commit atrocities."   
Those who might seek to avoid committing such atrocities, might appreciate these words:
"One might believe in the atrocities of the opponent and might disbelieve in those of one's own side, without ever bothering to examine the evidence."   
Those who might seek to understand why one might not bother to examine such evidence, might appreciate these words:   
"The difficulty with any ideology might be that it might give one the answer before one might examine the evidence."   
Those who might seek to understand such answer, might appreciate these words:   
"Ideology might be a partial truth masquerading as the whole truth."   
One might understand one reason, why one might be tempted by such ideology through these words:   
"Ideology might be indispensable in any society if one might need to be formed, transformed and equipped to respond to the demands of one's conditions of existence."    
Those who might then still be tempted by such an ideology after such society might have been formed, might appreciate these words:    
"To believe that one might have the solution for another might be a form of stupidity."   
Those who might be tempted to attribute malice to such stupidity, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to never assume malice where stupidity might suffice."   
Those who might seek to understand such malice, might appreciate these words:   
"Laziness might be the source of some harm."   
Those who might seek to understand one reason why that might be, might appreciate these words:      
"Through laziness and cowardice a large part of one's own kind, even after nature might have freed them from guidance of another, might gladly remain immature. It might be because of laziness and cowardice that it might be so easy for others to usurp the role of guardians. It might be so comfortable to be a minor!"   
Those who might seek to understand why one might seek such comfort, might appreciate these words:   
"Only those who might be weak might find comfort in making excuses and pointing finger."    
Those who might seek to understand such weakness, might appreciate these words:   
"The strength of one's spirit might then be measured by how much 'truth' one might be able to tolerate, or more precisely, to what extent one might need to have it diluted, disguised, sweetened, muted, falsified."
Those who might not have been able to tolerate much of such truth, might appreciate these words:   
"Conspiracy theories might make dumb ones feel smart, because they might think they might be privy to secret information."
Those who might seek to understand one reason why one might seek to be privy to such information, might appreciate these words:   
"Deception might be a sort of seduction. In love and war, adultery and espionage, deceit might only succeed, if the deceived party might be willing, in some way, to be deceived."   
Those who might be willing to be deceived, might appreciate these words:   
"Of all forms of deception self-deception might be the most deadly, and of all deceived ones the self-deceived might be the least likely to discover the fraud."   
Those who might then seek to discover such fraud, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek not to confuse hypothesis and theory. The former might be just a possible explanation; the latter might be the one which might have been proven by reproducible evidence. The establishment of theory might be the very purpose of science."
Those who might seek to understand such science, might appreciate these words:   
"Avoidance of self deception might be a matter of integrity not comfort."   
Those who might seek such integrity, might appreciate the chapter on "integrity" and these words:   
"Mindfulness might help one to connect to the wise witness within."   
Those who might seek to understand such mindfulness, might appreciate these words:   
"Mindfulness might mean being awake. It might mean knowing what one might be doing."   
Those who might seek to understand what one might have been doing, might appreciate these words:   
"The ego's job might be to unalive everything but itself."   
Those who might seek to understand such ego, might appreciate these words:   
"The ego, however, might not be who one really might be. The ego might be one's self-image; it might be one's social mask; it might be the role one might be playing. One's social mask might thrive on approval. It might seek control, and it might be sustained by power, because it might live in fear."   
One might understand one reason what such ego might fear through these words:   
"Others might fear love because it might create a world they might not be able to control."
One might understand one reason, why one might not be able to control such love through these words:   
"True love might always find a way to come back."   
Those who might seek to find such a way to come back, might appreciate these words:   
"Safety might be the most basic task of all. Without the sense of safety, no growth might be able to take place. Without safety, all energy might go to defense."   
Thus those who might seek such safety, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might seek to go fast, one might seek to go alone. If might seek to go far, one might seek to go together."   
Those who might seek to go far, might appreciate these words:   
"The ability to focus attention on important things might be a defining characteristic of intelligence."   
Those who might seek to focus such attention on important things, might appreciate these words:   
"It might only be by saying 'no' that one might be able to concentrate on the things that might really be important."   

[concentration of force]
[disciplined execution]
[adaptablity]
[Study of General Principles]
[title and art]

Those who might then seek to express such disagreement, might appreciate these words:    
"Tact might be the art of making a point without making an opponent."   
Those who might then seek to make one's point without making such opponent, might appreciate these words:    
"Unlimited tolerance might have to lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If one might extend unlimited tolerance even to those who might be intolerant, if one might not be prepared to defend a tolerant society, then the tolerant might be destroyed, and tolerance with them. One might therefore seek to claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant."   
Those who might then seek to understand such intolerance, might appreciate these words:   
"Intolerance might be the first sign of an inadequate education. An ill-educated one might behave with arrogant impatience, whereas truly profound education might breed humility."    
Those who might be confronted with those with arrogant impatience who might lack humility, might appreciate the chapter on "warriorship" and these words:   
"Only those with convictions might have a genuine possibility to be tolerant. Those who might accept no absolute values but might be attached to polite doubt might not be able to be tolerant but merely indifferent. Those might then be morally defenseless in the face of violence."
Those who might then seek such moral defense, might appreciate these words:   
"It might not enough to have the courage of one's convictions, one might also have to have the courage to have one's convictions challenged."   
Those who might struggle with such challenge of one's convictions, might appreciate these words:    
"The end of an argument or discussion might not be victory but enlightenment."   
Those who might then seek such enlightenment, might appreciate the chapter on "meaning" and these words:    
"Enlightenment might be one's emergence from one's self-incurred immaturity."   
Those who might seek to understand such self-incurred immaturity, might appreciate these words:    
"One might stop being a child when one might realize the world might not be here to cater to one's wants and needs."    
One might understand one reason, why one might self-incur such immaturity upon oneself through these words:   
"Tradition might be nothing but ancestral peer pressure."    
Those who might then seek to emerge from such peer pressure, might appreciate these words:    
"Only the unprepared might be overcome by pressure."
Those who might then seek to be prepared, might appreciate the chapter on "preparation" and these words:    
"One might seek to prepare for the unknown by studying how others in the past might have coped with the unforeseeable and the unpredictable."   
Those who might then seek to study such past, might appreciate the chapter on "peace" and these words:    
"Lesson in life might be repeated until they might be learnt."    

Regret tough but fair teacher

"Stupidity might be the deliberate cultivation of ignorance."    
One might understand one reason, why one might 


"Maturity might be learning to walk away from others and situations that might threaten one's peace of mind, self-respect, values, moral or self-worth."   
[What retreat might not be an answer]
Those who might seek a place to walk away to, might appreciate the chapter on "asylum" and these words:   



Those who struggle to resist that impulse might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility" and these words:   
"Confidence might be essential, but ego might be not."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Confidence might be when one might believe in oneself even when others might not. It might be personal to one's own self worth and one might not need validation from others. Conceited might be when one might think others might need to think of one more highly and often more than themselves. It might be derogatory to theirs. Conceited ones might often need validation from others to feel good about themselves, therefore they might often try to make other feel less about themselves."   
Those who might seek to understand such confidence, might appreciate these words:   
"Confidence might not be built by shouting affirmations in the mirror to oneself, but it might be built by giving others irrefutable proof that one might be who one might say one might be".   
Those who might seek to give such irrefutable proof, might appreciate these words:   
"Confidence might come from being prepared."   
Those who might seek to prepare, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to prepare for the unknown by studying how others in the past might have coped with the unforeseeable and the unpredictable."   
Those who might seek to study how others in the past might have coped with such situations, might appreciate these words:
"When the impossible might have been eliminated, all that might remain no matter how improbable might be possible."   
Those who might seek to know, what might be possible, might appreciate these words:
"One possible reason why things might not be going according to plan might be that there might never have been a plan."   
Those who might then get attached to such a plan, might appreciate these words:   
"Plans might be useless, but planning might be essential."   
Those who might seek to understand, why such plans might be useless, might appreciate these words:   
"Life might happen while one might be making other plans."   
Those who might then be tempted to give up making other plans, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to realize deeply that the present moment might be all one might ever have."   
Those who might seek to have such realization, might appreciate these words:   
"Planning might be bringing the future into the present."   
Those who might neglect such planning, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might fail To plan one might be planning to fail."   
Those who might then to make such plan, might appreciate these words:   
"The key might be not to prioritize what might be on one's schedule, but to schedule one's priorities."   
Those who might hesitate to schedule one's priorities, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might not prioritize one's life, someone else might."   
Those who might seek to prioritize one's life, might appreciate the chapter on "clarity" and these words:   
"No amount of guilt might be able to change the past and no amount of worrying might be able to change the future."   
Those who might seek to stop worrying, might appreciate these words:   
"The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully might be prepared to die at any time."   
Those who might then seek to prepare for one's death, might appreciate the following enumeration of causes of death and how one might be able to prepare for it:   
1. Those who might seek to survive accidents, might appreciate these words:   
"Paranoia might be itself a kind of contagion. One might be predisposed to it. One might have long held that it might be a learned behavior from one's primitive ancestors, a defense mechanism. Cautious ones might stay alive longer than incautious ones."   
2. Those who might seek to survive "black outs" or "power outages", might appreciate to understand four possible causes. One cause might be, spontaneous negative feedback loop of instable systems, which one might be able to mitigate by investing in fortification of existing power grid through battery banks and efforts to achieve and maintain off-grid life style. Another cause might be due to depletion of available energy sources. Those who might seek to mitigate those risks, might appreciate in investing in  renewable or sustainable power sources such as solar, wind, geothermal or nuclear fusion. Another cause might be EMPs destroying transformers. This might be either caused by nuclear bombs or solar flares, for which one might seek to make the electronics EMP proof, which might not possible at the time of the writing of this document  ( \today ). One might appreciate the idea, not to neglect the effort to research for solutions, such as improving means of prediction through observation of cycles. Another reason might be cyber or physical attacks on the infrastructure, for which one might be able to invest and research in fortification.   
3. Those who might seek to survive climate change and weather extremes, might appreciate the ideas to reduce reckless mass consumer behavior, more investment in sustainable innovations, more research in safe places to live, fully autarkic hydroponic agricultural systems, which all might converge to working on an submarine mentioned in the chapter on "asylum".   
4. Those who might seek to survive world wars including means of cyber-warfare, might appreciate the idea to educate wisdom enabling those who might seek war to agree on the consensus that "peace might be good". Another way to mitigate such conflict might be to innovate better means for resource distribution through improvement of operation of governments. Another way might be to educate about cyber security, artificial intelligence and technology in order to create of automated defense mechanism, which might not go berserk, which might be difficult to achieve at the time of the writing of this document  ( \today ).   
5. Those who might seek to survive the declining birthrate observed at the time of the writing of this document  ( \today ), might appreciate the idea to educate about factors for infertility, for which one might appreciate the chapter on "cure". Another more immediate solution might be to increase financial support and incentive for caregivers (e.g. UBI (universal basic income), and education, therapy and volunteering for caregivers to counteract despair as mentioned in the chapter on "hope". Another more direct way might be to preserve of genetic diversity through donation of cells for procreation for surrogate pregnancy or an artificial womb.   
6. Those who might seek to survive pandemic level diseases might appreciate the idea to educate and to research, in order to maintain and increase the means to produce resources for medical care and financial support to distribute such products to those in need.  
7. Those who might seek to survive impact of asteroid on their habitat, might appreciate the idea to maintain the means for long-term observation of celestial bodies or innovation in space travel to counter act them or to escape it, without getting damaged by high level of space radiation and effects of low gravity level.   
8. Those who might seek to survive suicide, might appreciate the idea to seek help of a health care professional, or of not available to a satisfactory degree, talk to someone who might listen compassionately. Those who might not be able to find such someone, might appreciate the idea to find something to live for such as meaning in one's own suffering. Those who might then seek to find such meaning, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"


____________________________


"Until the day one might die, one might love another with one's last breath."   
One might understand one reason, why one might love another until one's last breath through these words:   
"It might take a moment to tell someone one might love them, but it might take a lifetime to prove it."   
Those who might seek to prove such love, might appreciate these words:   
"A willingness to be inconvenienced might be the ultimate proof of love."    
Those who might struggling to be willing to be inconvenienced, might appreciate these words:   
"If one's ego might be hurt one might become angry. Understand that ego itself might be a disease. One might seek to dissolve one's ego as far as possible. If one might have inferiority complex, or have a very deficient ego one might loose one's temper very easily."   
Those who might seek to dissolve their ego, might appreciate these words:   
"Quick success might build ego, slow success might build character."   
Those who might seek to build such character, might appreciate the chapters "temperament" and "patience". Those who might seek to understand, why such defense mechanism might be triggered, might appreciate these words:   


"Kindness without wisdom might wound."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"One might have to not to mistake kindness for weakness. Kindness might not be weak. Kindness might be a certain type of strength."    
Those who might seek to understand such strength, might appreciate these words:   





__________________________________
"Government might exist to protect one from each other. Where government might have gone beyond its limits might be in deciding to protect one from oneself."   
One might understand one such occasion, one might not be able to protect one from oneself through these words:   
"There might be but one truly serious philosophical challenge and that might be unaliving oneself."    
Those who might be tempted to unalive oneself, might appreciate the idea to consult local mental health professionals and these words:   
"Good tests might disprove flawed theories; one might remain alive to guess again."   
Those who might struggle to formulate such good testes, might appreciate the chapter on "good" and these words:  
"No amount of experimentation might ever prove one right; a single experiment might prove one wrong."   
Those who might then seek to understand such flawed theories, might appreciate these words:   
"A good deal of tyranny might go by the name of protection."   
Those who might seek to understand such protection, might appreciate these words:    
"Protecting oneself might be self-defense." 
Those who might seek such self-defense, might appreciate these words:    
"Legitimate use of violence might only be able to be that which might be required in self-defense."   
Those who might then seek to defend oneself from such warmaker, might appreciate these words:    
"One might never be able to protect oneself 100 percent. What one might do might be to protect oneself as much as possible and to mitigate risk to an acceptable degree. One might never be able to remove all risk."   
One might understand one reason, why one might not be able to remove all risk through these words:   
"Risk might come from not knowing what one might be doing."   
Those who might think one might know everything one might be doing, might appreciate these words:   
"One might perhaps never know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions might be the way to tell if one might be getting closer."   
Those who might still be tempted to claim knowing with 100 percent certainty, might appreciate these words:    
"A total absence of self-doubt might be the first sign of insanity."   
Those who might be tempted by such insanity, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it might be close upon one."   
Those who might struggle with such stupidity, might appreciate these words:    
"The challenge with incompetence might be its inability to recognize itself."   
Those who might struggle with such incompetence, might appreciate these words:   
"Incompetence might be the true crisis."   
Those who might struggle with such crisis, might appreciate these words:   
"What one might really need to fear might not be a competent opponent, but an incompetent ally."    
Those who might then fear such incompetent ally, might appreciate these words:   
"No one might be one's opponent, every one might be one's teacher."   
One might understand one lesson, what one might be able to learn from such incompetent ally through these words:   
"One might not be able to live by incompetence alone."    
One might understand one reason, why one might not be able live by incompetence alone through these words:   
"Work might be accomplished by those who might have not yet reached their level of incompetence."   
One might understand one reason, why one might need work in order to survive through these words:   
"One's first job might always be to survive."   
Those who might seek to survive, might appreciate these words:   
"But one might have to have something beyond survival to live for, or one might not survive."   
Those who might seek such something beyond survival to live for, might appreciate these words:   
"Art might be what might happen when one might have time for something other than basic survival."   
Those who might seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Tactics might be knowing what to do, when there might be something to do. Strategy might be knowing what to do when there might be nothing to do."   
Those who might seek to know, what to do when there might be something to do, might appreciate the chapter on "preparation". Those who might seek to understand such strategy, might appreciate these words:   
"Success might breed complacency. Complacency might breed failure. Only the paranoid might survive."    
Those who might seek to understand those who might be paranoid, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not be paranoid, just prepared. There might be a distinct difference and a higher survival rate for the latter."    
Those who might seek to understand such difference, might appreciate these words:   
"Paranoia might be the delusion that one's opponents might be organized."    
Those who might then seek to understand whether one might actually delusional, might appreciate these words:   
"The difference between the thinking of the paranoid one and the scientist might come from the latter's ability and willingness to test out one's fantasies or grandiose conceptualizations through the systems of checks and balances science might have established – and to give up those schemes that might be shown not to be valid on the basis of these scientific checks."   
Those who might be tempted to neglect such effort to test out one's fantasies, might appreciate these words:   
"Effort might be one of those things that might give meaning to life. Effort might mean one might care about something, that something might be important to one and one might be willing to work for it."    
Those who might be tempted not to be willing to work for such test of one's fantasies, might appreciate these words:  
"Without effort, one's talent might be nothing more than unmet potential. Without effort, one's skill might be nothing more than what one might have done but might have not."   
Those who might seek to understand such talent which potential one might have not met yet, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-defense might not just be a set of techniques; it might be a state of mind, and it might begin with the belief that one might be worth defending."   
Those who might seek such a belief that one might be worth defending, might appreciate these words:    
"Those who might fail to timely assert their rights might not be worthy of protection."    
One might understand such a right one might need to timely assert through these words:    
"The world might not only be destroyed by those who might be violent, but by those who might watch them without doing anything."     
One might understand one reason, why one might seek to do something to stop those, who might seek to destroy such a world through these words:    
"One's survival as a species might depend on one's ability to recognize that one's well-being and the well-being of others might be one and the same."   
Those who might then seek to prevent such destruction of such world to protect others, might appreciate these words:    
"Protecting others might be warriorship."   
Those who might then seek such warriorship, might appreciate these words:    
"Anyone great at warriorship might also need to be a scholar and an artist."   
One might understand one reason, why one might then need to become such a scholar and an artist through these words:    
"Attack might be the secret of defense; defense might be the planning of an attack."    
Those who might seek such planning of an attack, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might publicly threaten to completely destroy another might not need to act surprised when a preemptive surprise attack might occur from those who might have been threatened and their allies."   
Those who might have seek to understand such public threatening, might appreciate these words:    
"Preemptive strike might have to mean not declaring war until one's cameras might be in position."   
Those who might then be tempted to declare such a war, might appreciate these words:    
"The challenge in defense might be how far one might be able to go without destroying from within what one might be trying to defend from without."    
Those who might then seek to know, what one might seek to protect, might appreciate these words:     
"Society might not be defined not only by what it might create, but by what it might refuse to destroy."   
Those who might then seek to protect such society, might struggle as in:    
"Either one might destroy ignorance or ignorance might destroy one."   
Those who might then seek to destroy such ignorance, might appreciate these words:   
"The only defense against violent ones might be to be more skilled at violence."    
Those who might then seek to be more skilled at violence, might appreciate these words:   
"The future might belong to those who might learn more skills and combine them in creative ways."   
Those who might seek to combine such skills, might be tempted as in:
"An interesting form of violence one might come up with might be assassination. One might assassinate those who might have told one to live together in harmony and try to love one another, who might apparently not be ready to live together."
Those who might be tempted to assassinate another, might appreciate these words:    
"The essence of warriorship, or the essence of one's bravery, might be refusing to give up on anyone or anything."    
Those who might be tempted to give up on those with whom one might not be ready to live together, might appreciate the chapter on "hope" and these words:    
"Learned helplessness might be the giving-up reaction, the quitting response that might follow from the belief that whatever one might do might not matter."   
Those who might be tempted by such learned helplessness, might appreciate these words:    
"When one might no longer be able to change a situation – one might be challenged to change oneself."   
Those who might struggle to change oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Everything might be taken from one but one thing: the last of one's freedoms –  to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way."   
Those who might not know, how to choose one's own way, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might seek to go fast, one might seek to go alone. If might seek to go far, one might seek to go together."   
Those who might seek to go fast, might appreciate these words:   
"Martyrdom might have been a proof of the intensity, never of the correctness of a belief."    
Those who might then seek to go far, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be during one's darkest moments that one might need to focus to see the light."   
One might appreciate the notion of the author that such light might be a metaphor for hope. Those who might struggle focus to see such hope, might appreciate the chapter on "clarity" and these words: 
"Without knowledge, skill might not be able to be focused. Without skill, strength might not be able to be brought to bear and without strength, knowledge might not be applied."   
Those who might then seek to apply such knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"Knowledge might become wisdom only after it might have been put to good use."   
Those who might then seek to understand such good, might appreciate the chapter on "good" and these words:   
"One's nature might be inherently violent, and thus goodness might be caused by intentional activity." 
Those who might then seek such to cause such goodness, might appreciate these words:   
"For those who might be willing to renounce their self-defense in favour of a weapons-free world,
there might be at least one warmaker anxious to exploit the other's good intentions."    
Those who might still be tempted to renounce such self-defense, might appreciate these words:   
"Good intentions might not be enough. One might have good intentions when one might set a goal to do something, but then one might miss a deadline or other milestone."   
Those who might then seek to understand such a milestone, might appreciate these words:    
"For what then might matter might be to bear witness to one's potential at its best, which might be to transform a personal tragedy into a triumph, to turn one's predicament into an achievement."    
Those who might then seek such triumph, might appreciate these words:    
"One's defense might not be in one's armaments, nor in science, nor in going underground. One's defense might be in law and order."    
Those who might seek such law and order, might appreciate these words:    
"It might be insufficient to protect oneself with laws; one might need to protect oneself with mathematics."    
Those who might then seek to understand such mathematics, might appreciate the notion of the author that state of the art Artificial Intelligence (AI) might use statistical models based in mathematics. Those who might be tempted rely to such mathematics to protect oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"It might be impossible to design a system so perfect that no one might need to be good."   
Those who might seek to know what one might be able to do other than trying to design a perfect system, might appreciate the chapter on "feedback" and these words:   
"One might seek not to try to design a better world. One might seek to make better feedback loops."   
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Utopias might rest on the fallacy that perfection might be a legitimate goal of one's existence."    
One might understand one reason, why seeking such perfection might not be a legitimate goal of one's existence through these words:   
"One might perhaps never be able to know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions might be the way to tell if one might be getting closer."    
Those who might be tempted to claim knowing such truth with 100 percent certainty, might appreciate these words:   
"A total absence of self-doubt might be the first sign of insanity."   
Those who might struggle with such insanity, might appreciate these words:   
"To recognize one's own insanity might be, of course, the arising of sanity, the beginning of healing and transcendence."   
Those who might struggle to recognize one's insanity, might appreciate these words:   
"Time might be limited and some opportunities might never repeat themselves."    
Those who might seek such opportunity, might appreciate the chapter on "ultimate" and "accessibility". In the chapter on "accessibility" there might be description of those, who might refuse to be good, on which one might appreciate the chapter on "good". Those who might struggle with those who might refuse to be good, might appreciate these words:   
"Trusting someone might be one's own decision. Proving one right might be that someone's choice."    
Those who might struggle with those who might not be able to prove one right to trust them, might then appreciate the idea to increase one's own capacity for compassion to leave the decision up them, whether to stay in captive isolation, exile themselves to the outside of such a community or request reentry.
Those whose request for reentry might have not been replied, might appreciate these words:    
"The absurd might be born of this confrontation between one's need and the unreasonable silence of the world."   
Those who might struggle with such absurd, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility". One might then be able to conclude that one's community might need to be capable of holding all of it's individuals in captive isolation, until that individual might be able to decide whether to stay deliberately in such a captivation or be exiled as in:    
"Those who might deny freedom to others might not deserve it for themselves."    
Those who might seek to captivate those who might deny freedom to others, who might think one might not deserve such freedom for oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Unlimited tolerance might have to lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If one might extend unlimited tolerance even to those who might be intolerant, if one might not be prepared to defend a tolerant society, then the tolerant might be destroyed, and tolerance with them. One might therefore seek to claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant."   
Those who might then struggle to exercise such right not to tolerate the intolerant, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who might fail to timely assert their rights might not be worthy of protection."    
One might understand one reason, why that might be through these words:   
"Delay might be the deadliest form of denial."   
One might understand one reason, why such delay might be deadly through these words:   
"Trust might take years to build, seconds to break, and forever to repair."   
One might understand one reason, why breakage of such trust, might be deadly through these words:    
"No low trust society might ever produce sustained innovation."   
One might understand one reason, why lack of such innovation, might be deadly through these words:    
"Innovation might be the ability to see change as an opportunity and not as a threat."   
Those who might then left be with no one to trust, might then be able to appreciate the idea of an automated capturing system, which might be able to recognize and locate an individual and be able to capture them in a movable chamber with sufficient life support system to be able to sustain long-term survival of that individual. In case the system might not be able to sustain such life, every other individual might need enter such a automatic captivation system until the target individual might be captured. Until the productive deployment of such a system, one might appreciate those who might then volunteer to capture such an individual. Those who might seek to volunteer to capture such an individual, might appreciate the idea not to neglect to practice martial arts with minimal harm to others in order to reduce the risk of one's permanent injury, such as aikido or judo. Those who might have been captured by such an volunteering individual, might, might appreciate the idea not to neglect the effort to forgive them. Those who might struggle to forgive such a community, might appreciate these words:   
"A part of kindness might consist in loving one more than that one might deserve."   
Those who might seek to understand such kindness, might appreciate these words:    
"Art might have to maintain as large a space for interpretation as possible, and to protect itself from being too narrow."   m
Those who might then be tempted to overly large space for interpretation, might appreciate the following warning:   
"Kindness without wisdom might wound."    
Those who might seek such wisdom, might appreciate the idea to grant such reentry on to those, who might might appreciate the advice to express and commit to an extensive rehabilitating therapy, which might enable them to be among others in harmony, by following the procedure that only those who might be willing to enter voluntarily into such a fully automated capturing system. Those who might responsible for the maintenance and development of such a system, might appreciate the idea, not to neglect the effort to minimize the risk of accidents, which might be fatal, caused by the automated capturing system and automated defense system against those who might have been exiled. Those who might have been hurt by such a system, might have the compassion to those who might be operating such systems, as resources at that time might be limited. Those who might have raised such a suspicion, might appreciate the measures to prevent abuse of such system through false claims, by only being able to make such actions of denunciation through entering such a system voluntarily for the duration of clarification of such a claim. Those who might have been captured through an error or mistake, might then have enough wisdom to accept and forgive the system and might have the grace to contribute to the effort to improve such a system, to prevent the same error from happening again by reminding oneself these words:   
"A mistake might only be an error. It becomes a mistake when one might fail to correct it."   
Those who might have been a subject of suspicion by others to have such a malevolent intent, might be requested to enter such an automatic capturing system voluntarily. Those who then refuse to enter such system, might be able to realize that with their refusal to respect the safety of others might revoke their liberty. Those who might seek to understand such liberty, might appreciate these words:   
"Liberty might be the sovereignty of the individual."   
Those who might seek to understand why they might have revoked it, might appreciate these words:   
"Sovereignty might have not to be used for inflicting harm on anyone, whether citizen or foreigner."   
Those who might struggle with those who might have failed to correct such mistake unintentionally, might appreciate these words:
"Trust might have two dimensions: competence and integrity. One might forgive mistakes of competence. Mistakes of integrity might be harder to overcome."   
Those who might then struggle with those who might refuse to correct such mistakes of integrity intentionally, might appreciate the idea to ask the following question:   
"How might everyone seek to be on the way to Pro?"